Re-pinging @ghostridah14: why didn't you go to prom? BC my bf didn't like my friends
Hmmm. http://www.djhero.com/ is down
Choked on her retainers
@PerezHilton lady gaga tweeted about not being impressed by her video leaking just so you know
@raaaaaaek oh too bad! I hope it gets better. I've been having sleep issues lately too
I ate Something I don't know what it is... Why do I keep Telling things about food
On my way home n having 2 deal w underage girls drinking gin on da bus while talking bout keggers......damn i feel old
Damm servers still down  i need to hit 80 before all the koxpers pass me
I HATE CANCER. I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT.
I need skott right now
just picked up her Blackberry from the middle of the street! Both she and it are crushed!
Why do I have the feeling I should be packing and hitting for SFO around this time of the year? I think I'm missing something...
Bed!!!!!... its time@onscrn Ahh.  ... Wellwhy am i so tired?
sucks not being able to take days off of work or have the money to take the trip  so sad
@itsgabbith at once haha.  poor aby still gets sore!
@DavidCookLove ia so much! i haven't really been happy with any of cooks choices for singles.
So i think my son might have the flu cause I def. just cleaned up a stanky puke mess  Poor pumkpin
...and all woman who transfer their first impressions (sexual/maternal) onto a less 'threatening' man -- are themselves as weak as 'Him'
Bitten to blood by my catis sad that shin ae got married...and it wasn't to alex
@shondarhimes Sure you will tweet about this when you're backgoooood mooorning people... sun is out.. definitly spring nowfresh prince and sleepy sleeps my nightly routine  gotta go to Dmv early tmrw
@emmarler i am jealous of your mom talking to @taylorswift13. i want to see you all our twittering is making me miss you
I can't sleep...I keep thinking about the puppy I played with today
.. I'm suppposed to be sleep. But i got some much to do. &amp; i got that one part of the song stuck in my head &quot;your a jerk (iknow)&quot;  blaahh
Last one month due to summerFirst ever dropped call on my mobile. On a call to @Telstra no less! ( being charged for data even though I have a data pack  )
Oh no one minute too late! Oh well
ahh! big scary bug flying around my room!!!!!
is up with a nasty cough i cant be sick i have a huge weekend ahead of me
@poinktoinkdoink He died.  Wait$#@! My nose stud fell out and I can't find it  Looks like I'll have to head into Amsterdam today and get a new one
I cant sleepAchieving a new appreciation on how a xml build script can really be painful and cumbersome
@omfgiselle i cant do anything
My head hurts so bad I could scream!
i just go up and IM SO TIRED and my airmatras is broken somewhere and now im in even more pain
New work wellness challenge not going well.  I committed to not check email between 10 pm and 6 am.  Failed on first day.  Twice
New blog post: [Blog] auto insuran...: I just found that my auto insurance policy had been expired. ( I am too careless  ...) .. Meanw ...
oh men!!!!!!......I really can't see my face........c'mon guys!!!
I'm showing my age. Renewed my tags last weekmy sole supporter is not my sole supporter
@Emilyyy16 urgh stop it guys
Up reading tabloids about other people's lives...thinking what I'm gonna do with mine when my baby leaves?
I got a giant splinter stuck up underneath my finger nail today at Muppets...it hurt.  But I got to go to First Aid for the first time!
is feeling sad... for some reason..  http://plurk.com/p/wxji3
@jaychuck Its so addicting@jertronic it wont let me
Spent last night in A&amp;E (ER). Wife tangled wheels with Daughter &amp; hit the deck. Dislocation &amp; fracture resulted.
@TheLastDoctor 9 days  I'm about ready to visit Torchwood and see if they've heard anything
Ate Mandywhy are plane tickets so expensive
Needs a job BADLY!!!
Went to Di Bella coffee roasters today and asked for a job...   The person I needed to speak to is on holiday...  #fb
people in my house do not know how to close doors
@munchkinhugs I don't like the possibility of the left side of my brain hurting because of the thing called a VP shunt and possible death
wants to make a music profile but i don't have money i don't know how to write music i don't know how to play an instrument and no studio
It's 1:15 AM@__sugar oh no  i am always here ;) &lt;3
i think the vog is making me sicker than i think. feeling slightly achy
i am doing homework it sux big time maths is the worst!!!!!!
I downloaded the new twitterfon update thinking they were fixing the typing problem for new tweetsi'm sooooooooooooo confused
Work day 7 of 7@SuperJerry No refunds but they do retrieve accountsnot super keen on the drive home through the rain.. additional concentration required that i don't really wanna deal with
no transport for church  wont be making it@seemouserun so I tried jumping without the trampoline and its like thud* thud*  shouldn't have eaten that cookie.  http://myloc.me/1XIz
I have forgot the live with the Jonas Brothers on Facebook
I have to admitmy twitter has been hacked again
@jmoriarty I don't even want to know WHY you know about VHEMTOMG-ness it's 11:18 pm and I need to beup early to set up my garage sale it starts a 8amOkayDecided that no matter how good my hair looks curly it doesn't justify the burn I get from the curler! My hands covered  I suck at it!
sprained my ankle  like really badly and tore some stuffs. it hurts! and its my birthday weekend
Hope I get a job cuz we need an apartment. I'm drunk &amp; miss my lil punkin  TEHE!!!
just got home! not wanting to read the last chaper of breaking dawn cause i dont want it to beover
I need to be held...  Gnite.
Hanging out with sam@blood_rain i wanna see her hair  hows everyone?
Aww...  Pray for the arroyo family everyone!
@wuzzyangel You never answered your DM I sent you....   I need your info...
Am trying to get through the pilot of the first season of friday night lights. Oh gosh  Pass the tissue...
I have cystic lacrimal infectection?? my eye and face are swollen and it hurts!!
@jose3030 I didn't think anyone caught that
looks like i'll never go to the zoo
@djvinceadams Ohh poor girl  I'll email her... I am relying on you being here in October Mr!!
@Moss1982 bad times?
@SharonHayes Thank you for the rec but that doesn't work
My puppy Gizmo h8s me..  haha. He still growls @ me.  I always look back @ my long pruple scar on my fingie
I don't know how ima work out tomorrow wit my body dis sore  ugh
I'm feeling this pressure in my head that always kicks in just before a nasty headache. I'm not looking forward to this.
I'm suppose to turn in a sentence outline for my research paper within the hour online but my neck hurts.
Lady across the way had a miscarriageI feel so deflated. No more doggy.
is feeling bad  just got bad news about my Mum
don't feel like working  I think I tweet this too often!
vineri...nimic special sau probabil un alt weekend pierdut...
got to final tableThe humpalow um ya I think so... Cell is dying
Last day at work...Sick to the bone
i feel like I'm on house arrest.
@cosmiclagoon Did you know that there is a shortage of shells for crabs to use on the beach due to beach combers? It is very sad
It's a sad economy. Just heard of another friend losing their job.  so sad. But just a reminder that...
@jarekpastor I'm just starting to feel really panicky and anxious that something bad has happened cos it seems like it's been ages
my dog ran awayyy
I'm back. top molar extracted  swollen facedoes anyone know any good rap songs? i need to make a rap/fun cd and i have no idea  helllllpppp
my mobile phone refuses to charge!!  either the battery is broken or the chargerrr ( booooo
@Kirsten613 oh how i wish you would get her to sign something then send it to me or let me call you when you meet or something
@kimberly625 hmmm@charloro jealous  it looks like schindler's list in toronto
Nearly fell asleepTactical mistake: going to the city library and buying milk. Who knew? OUCH OUCH OUCH. Maybe a good thing I didn't try for uni.
my stomach feels like it's touching the ground..i'm SO full
Sooo much work so little time
Ughis feeling so giddy and wanna go home.
Up and packing. Its the last day of youth camp
Somebody please save the polar bears!
It has come to my attention from a 16yo friend that I've recently gained a TON of weight. He didn't know it was me.
guess im staying home tonight...no movie-ing for me
@BuzzEdition reminds me of the weather a month ago it was horrible  I hope all is well hugs
@JayDz hope ya sleepin well  guys still here
damn being drunk and hot sucks
is not sleeping because he has paperwork to do.
Showered in ice-cold water. Sweating now. Means one thing: I'm sick
midnight cry.. wish the person I wantedWent to pole class. Feeling discouraged. I am hopeless when it cones to dancing or sexy moves or spreading my legs.
@RoasterBoy And these poor@damohopo @StephanieEllen If I told you how often I wash my hair you would never speak to me again
Looks like another sleepless night dedicated to homework. Sorry in advance@jessicaduncan http://twitpic.com/662vk -  WHY DO U LOT MOCK ME!!!
didnt say goodnight to you
@Syo_of_the_dead I met a stranger just 10 min ago. He was stalking me at the store
Taking Horse PillsLooks like it's going to be too nice to work todayis desperatly hoping my dad takes me to vanessa's game
@pb_and_jay hi!  Fuck your job!
Somebody please save the polar bears!
My nose is runnyAt the Grove for 'Drag Me to Hell.' I hope that it doesn't suck.
@NOLAevol so i feel like shit for saying HAPPY BELATED BIRFDAYY.. i'm only a month late
hoping i didn't fail english. that would just be sad
Know what would be great? For my shoulder to stop hurting so I can sleep normal again.  I just want/need a few solid hours of good sleep.
I knew I should've worn the SARS mask on the plane from SoCal.. feeling the beginnings of a sore throat
@laurelexmachina awww I wish I could have been there  I'm stuck here about to jab out my eyes with knitting needles
finished sewing for the night#liesgirlstell  a guy calls her phone to see if the number is real ) ohh my phone isn't working . try tomorrow .
#beer #friday #melbourne #cbd #mtub #mini #cmon Thirsty and lonely ... you buggers are making me feel like a scotty no mates
@debbylovespr I know. We came back from 22 down in the 1st just to lose the lead in the last 6 minutes.
gosh... summer vacation is almost over here at the philippines.. kinda sad..  i wonder what section will i be in?
I'm bummed that I can't wear my sweet Nike kicks to work.
@Pickleybaby - your twitter is broken
@rachelasha I even saw the news feeds of the archie website. But can't believe he'd choose veronica. I'm disappointed
depressed that i wasn't included in the morcom gardens quiz on facebook
@dravenreborn yeah@ashleypratt Oh come on!!! You get next week off and I get next week full of exams!
@vocabularies i knowMy children have promised me birthday brekkie in bed. There's a problem with that in that there's bugger all food in the house
@RDeRozario woops! I only just realized my DMs to you are not going through
@prime8507 PC I agree...  We have a problem. We must stop spending and only work!!!
Morning ;Sports day todayCannot sleep. 2+ hours of tossing and turning.
Omg going to die of swine flu when I go to Melbourne
@crispynoodles plus I just deposited tax return cheque but for first time in 7+ years it didn't clear immediately
@AshleighRyder I knooww  &amp; my hot water bottle iss in whangamata without me. ahhhhh
Holy crap! It's raining in LA and I don't have a jacket!  oh no.
Wish I could attend E3 this year. But these small events like the NBA and Stanley Cup Finals keep getting in the way.   WorkRejecting all food substances.
@bigyahu no I was trying to interview Dr Paul Twomey@meghanwong don't think i can take a needle. watched a horribly gory short film on drugs a few months ago. i'm scarred for life.
@jprestonian It feels not good.
Thinking about getting up for work
I was a very naughty girl tonight. dissappointed with myself
@rbuerckner That's better than Missy 8 telling me I should be on The Biggest Loser
@elephantgravy my new lens isn't working. It worked for a bit and now gives an fEE error
back at school again. almost weekend. oh waitdoing my english essay (on r&amp;j...wtf) that i should have done a long time ago when it was assigned last thursday
@Tiff_Tiff_Marie  I think I do it too much....
@GQbound I didn't end up really eating  had more snacks. sigh
@Harishk: @krist0ph3r @saurabh sorry guys i have to drop out of the trip... some personal commitments..
At Rocky Cola Diner in Whittier tonight with teacher pal Mr. Bummm sooo yeh....its really hard to concentrate rite now wen i have this weird #lupus feeling goin thro my body
@charleyboorman http://twitpic.com/65623 - OUCH!! That looks so painful
All I want to do is sit back &amp; relax for a little while. How can that be this difficult?!
@zhenerak I thought I was your best friend?
god i cant even catch public transport. swine flu is shit house
Dad just said that our trip to UK is cancelled@goddessfleur youre so far away@omgjoker o its feels like a hot box and no matter where i go in here it still feels like a hot box! ice cream isn't working n e more
Very Sad.... please get better Grandma
@aannniieee uuuugh  i hate everything
Gosh. Today's weather is HOrriTerrible! Extreme hotness. I'm losing a lot of water weight by doing nothing.  - http://tweet.sg
Is taking a moment to reflect...I want my annonymity back@alyssainescruz aww. me too  annoying!!! :|
@RockedByPickler well I don't have vacations so let's NOT go there
I think im being ignored...by my best friendTaking a nap after work=no sleep right now. The nap felt soooo good but now it seems like a bad idea
is going home... I've seriously had enough
@skyduke478 that makes me sad for you
Feels like im going to cough up a lung
@thedailysurvey Why do we love those that we cannot have?
I lost 4 followers over nightI want a new phone  I've seen too much cellphone commercials (
@Anime81  I'm soo sad. It's just on the edges of the pagesthis timeOh noRan out of money. I r a sad panda
@RitikaKar  http://bit.ly/179jxS But gotta wiat till next week  btw...you from Mumbai itself?
i have a really bad head ache  gonna go to bed i might be back maybe not bye bye
friends from Traveller's Tales held a farewell party for me but I kinda disappointed them that I would still be here until Sep. My fault.
@bethBABE4 Oh yeah@janesas_mommy oh  well i hope she gets better
@jordskkk who are the crew? please dont be me...  i dont think it is but i could be wrong i have been a number of times...
haven't watched gossip girl in ageeees ! and need one tree hill season 3 . god i'm so slow
Up early again tomorrow... heading to bed now. I keep saying I'm going to take a midday nap@imjustlalayone  I'm so sorry .. ya gotta let me know! I've been booked all week!
@letsgeticecream I miss you!  Come to Michigan like now....I can't wait till July
farrrrr . pdhpe assignment due next week and have english homework !
forgot his access card in the car�too lazy to fetch it
@4EvaAFanOfPaula hun are you okay? I see alot of your posts your exercising like mad@carrotmadman6 What happened? I'm afraid I missed a large part of the story
Dell FX100 Pc-over-IP audio device (Teradici) is giving me a hard time in #Linux #Ubuntu Jaunty  Kernel isnt loading the snd-hda-intel drv
sooo.... Hot in here hufff.....
closeness or distance? closeness... but now everything seems so distant...
Ahhhhh! My &quot;Let The Right One In&quot; DVD broke
@hisheidi  my thoughts dwell on a certain person
fml my work uniform is on the washing line
ohh shit i just realized she still not talking to me  it b like dat some times..
@MelissaLynnette naw@mayora not this part@soverpeck dude@A_Lay aww well I just randomly woke up and now I can't sleep! Too many things on my mind
@donperignon me too baby... Miss you
all my pancakes always end up soggy.
4 very big ???zongzi) for lunchWhy do none of my thoughts make sense when I'm sober?
I cant to sleep and tomorrow i must wake up too early
@JustDes As it is nowNursing bruises from motorbike crash on Wednesday night leaving London workplace. The ground is so much harder the older you get
so boredanother build failed! something is not right in the big scheme of things!
My wife took my last �20I keep on falling asleep when I'm suppose to be awake. I miss my babyy..
On my way to nottingham..I so don't want to be going
I need to wake up earlier so I'm actually tired enough to fall asleep
@bethBABE4 Oh poor beths friend  i'm not naughty@BrianLimond Ever seen the tv show Dead Like Me? I died and became a grim reaper. Taking people's souls after accidents
Steam Punlk fashion show at Anime North and for the first year since TorCon we aren't back til @Anticipationsf &amp; missed it
I am dying to hangout on a Friday afternoon...
Eh.. it's cold
class color day tomorrow! last time!  I have a lot to remember for tomorrow but I bet I'll forget -_-
@keytar @badtwin BUT THEY ARE EXPENSIVE.
Misses his twitastic fwiends
@Deziree_Divine take my advice lookin through the phone cost me my relationship
@WTF_JayR ohGorgeous weatherI have drunk hickups. I had a pretty laid backwhy do i think i have to take medicine cuz i was laughing to hard?. my head should not be in this much pain. i thought laughter was gud
My tongue still hurts.  I need to sleep!!!
needs a little lie down. not feeling great today. boo
its from all that anal sexPlayn madden with austin. Im going to miss him..
PLEASE MAKE THE LIVECHAT ON SATURDAY CUS I HAVE TO GO TO SCHOOL ON WEEKDAYS(5/6 AM here)   @Jonasbrothers
I want to go back to bed but have a child to look after!  I may sleep all of sundayI just got mad tired so no sex  sleepytime night!
@scotty_mcc byeNew Comment On Jowki:  I wish I had the time to blog more often  http://cli.gs/ZzRe1P
we can get a temporary tattoo. I would be totally sad if he died.
@professor12 gray! .... i so feel neglected
@Desert_Star95 oh so you know how I feel then  Damn representative for bank of america tried to make it sound like I did it. What a b ...
is tired and cold and runny
someone save me!! i dont want to pack anymore
bruise on knee will make it hard to skate tomorrow.
NO FREE WIFI!?!? My vacay is ruined!!!!
Trying to sleep without any pills... Not working. 3am and wide awake. But now it's too late to take them because I'll sleep til 3pm
Phone will die soon. What to do now? Oh no!
Forgot my power cable at home today
I can't sleep. I can't find my grandmother's quilt or locket. I'm sick at myself cause I may have lost them somehow. Or they were stolen
@ZachMoore1 I thought I was going to see a pic of your clean car
@hot30 i want to! but im not over 18 and t&amp;c says over 18's only  wanna make an exception for me ;)
@ingridkerr No@ddlovato Yayyyyyyyyyyy!!!!! but thats sp far away!
@Sageey My public talk in July got canceled and I don't know why.
Feeling so rough today@portugaltheman Where'd the songs go on the sitefirst puppy gone 2 new home.
feeling extremally ill
&quot;my name is Tony!!!!!! ...not hey!!!!&quot; -  poor tony
back time.  I wish I was a teenager again. I wish I could feel healthy again. I can't remember what it's like to feel healthy anymore.
@YEPNAYDEA I don't have ur #...anymoreDamn i have something to say and no one is listening
@Jessicaveronica OMG YAYA!!! we put you #5 please not the end of the year
I miss the old healthy me and I am loosing faith that I ever will be again
gonna get off to try and catch some Z'sRawr and whatnot. I am having a godawful drawing night tonight... even less progress has been made than I expected.
I miss my daily quotes! Why don't i get them anymore? @sschabowski am I kicked from your mailinglist?
@MateRiaLGirL1 I won't b hereeeeee. Imma b in georgia  and then I'm off to LA. Grrrrrr!
@sensonize ohh sorry Missed my train by 5 secs  yesterdaynight knijpWhy am I still upppp????? LOL.  Work in less than 5 hours.
@Bam_Hall Is that why you aint answer my call? Thought we were homies!?
gnite  Fukn Nite * wanted sum {pinga} but couldn't get any
Finally watched the rest of The Guild Season 2. I always feel so sorry (and hopeful at the same time) for your charJust spoke to Keith Urban's record companySummer Glau to appear in Dollhouse next year http://tinyurl.com/mnrezc ... I still can't believe they won't renew TSCC
@HoptonHouseBnB now theres a thought .... do you still get goldfish at the fair ?? not seen them for years
@cocoy @mike_online That's the sad thing about it.
Oopsfeels disappointed..mahirap talaga mag-supervise ng tao..  http://plurk.com/p/wxqwa
I dont get twitter  Someone help me!
watching two of my patients die tonight has put me in a funk. one was young.
The Aila Cyclone left my house in Calcutta with a broken sunshade@hot30 guys why did paranoid drop out of the countdown?? thats so not fair  iv voted heaps for it!!!!!
@tanyaDlove whats up? im sad  you didnt text today.
have to wear my glasses today@lizhodgins I heard your moving to Sydney next year im not happy
still has half a math worksheetNever has a chance of sleeping before midnight  my mind is so tired......
happy to b home .. then my mind wanders an I can't sleep
weebo is dying
4 cases of swine flu!
@relly1 Hopfully a quiet one @ homeGot a flat on the way in today - Pot hole. Another thing to tick off the &quot;crap things that can happen in a week&quot; list
@FrankieTheSats people are pathetic  how do u know some one is trying?
Complicated with a dream
mehHospitals unnerve me  ~  waiting for the DocAwake@rsuenaga im not at litle oven tonight
wow i'm really reallly ill
mary hates me again  i wana walmart it butno one wants to go
is feeling really sick
My face an my arms. Tragic. Seriously.
@andyclemmensen you didnt send me the text
Damnit. I have run out of candy coated books.
tummy hurts
sitting in school  sucks to be me!
Ew I have creepy followers
Insomniaaaaaaa..... all night trying to get a sleep... no luck... and now have to work
@Muhammad_Adel they didn't reply yet.. wait till they confirm.. in case somebody might have translated it already..
It was my baby bros last time singing in front of his school  im so so proud of him !!! but when did i get old  im only 22!
http://twitpic.com/664oz - this is what happens when i have no models
can't find Skins on the stacksI still miss him... And i dont think he's coming back
My tummy still hurts  another cubs game tom...goood night.
@TreverKeith come back to Perth     I missed the show here!
My baby was so drunk I brought her home for an hour to pass out then carried her to the car
@JonConnelly You can vote every 20 mins I'm on page 2   http://twurl.nl/hxux3o
I can't find my ipod
@allysonalfonso yeahhfinally off to bed almost everything is packed gotta be up in about 6 hours to get ready for a double shift of work
My throat hurts and I can't sleep.
i pulled a muscle in my neck this morning just feels like its getting more sore
@yahyan where did you go babe?
its raining  now my hair will gett all gay
@JERI7YN aww you're going back to east coast again?i haven't even seeen you!
Is feeling really bad about goofin' on @NinaParkerTMZ not knowing she really wasn't at the meeting! Dang I'm sorry! Me &amp; my big 'ol mouth
@nassrenj I miss u guys too  I prob won't b bk til august sumtime... But if I come bk anytime b4 then ill 4 sure let u kno!
Been up since 5am with my poorly sick baby girl
worried about Mr. Socks tonight.
@JAYOJAY I'm straining to hear but it's very hard from all the way over here.
The birds are outWorried about the reply after sending THE SMS to 78277.
@yahyan where'd you go!
Oh good God crampsss...
Again working on the internet shop ... don't think we will achieve the goal of uploading by the previously set time   Will keep going
Home earlyOk hubby really isnt going to be logging off anytime soon  what to do what to do?
Can't get the sound to work while on DVD. I was going to watch Mary Poppins.
what am i gonna do when my iphone is full!
I honestly feel like I'm not healing or getting any better. This is not good
Gotta a lot of work knocked out on the project but there's one feature that just refuses to work right. Can't release next version until
tiiiired but i cant sleep
@DannysGhirl no sleeping for me im at work   it will be summer break soon. Tell them to get there butts out of bed lol
@TerrenceJ106 insomniac over here as well
i lost mx way
The computers and the Ethernet at school are so slow!
i wish people would leave jon &amp; kate alone  i really like that show
very very bad headache that is getting worse by the minute not better.
Here at work having lunch. A lot of work and not enough help
Why am I having such a hard time falling asleep
someone has hacked into my emails!! fuck off!!
Noones talking to me anymore
@overlordtrainee Sigh. It is a sadlooks like the eprocurement e-mail address from office mate is blacklisted by IT here.. asking them to whitelist now.
Wow slept in with no dolidh here to wake me up
@isilwenlinwelin i am public and can't get anyone to follow me
ok deleted all messages and hope they don't come back!!
@againtoday i'm hear ya dudeboo  rabbits pisses on people you know that
Walmart opening its first store in Amritsar tomorrow (of all places)...the horror..hoping its limited to wholesale
I've had a sore throat since monday morning @joeyawesome...I'm just sick of it hurtin and I want some freakin sleep!
Gha@starlingpoet lol.. that's worrying
just tried talking........voice died before end of sentence! Annpyimg thing idgoing to die from study overload this weekend. too much homework@vivzy yeps...just for today though  I badly wanted to do some geek-shopping...
I was just watching some cartoons as I haven't in years when I was eating my breakfastIs sooooo tired... wants to crawl back into bed
why does IE have to be always a big problem
@larrysullivan sorry i couldn't fit hal's name
@someone Kills me to see you online and not be able to say hello
thinks its annoying when i keep getting twitter error messages from my mobile
@_shannon1234 Shannie im so sorry! didnt mean to upset you! i just thought you would find it cute  im sorry dont be sad!
trying to get a sale in my job...
Not excited of blowing out another candle today... [as when I was a kid!]   We gotta grow up soon or later...
morning class  .. always late or bunk ... how can someone wake-up at 8! ...
@aliwise is tweeting so much that she's not even paying attention to me!
What a busy day ... am disappointed that today's show is a repeat
jessie has gone away 4 the weekend!! I miss her already
my HD is full. need to cleanup a lot
@rockstargirl209 what happened?
@viintagedresses aww poor Caity  :L add people n they will add you
is very very tired  just want to sleep.  Stupid work getting in the way!!!
I'm so sleepy my head hurts.  gnite lovers! See ya in that am !
Theres a spider above my bed  calming my fears by listening to greeeeen day&lt;3
Is. this. a. lie? FML. F uuuuuuu. I can be such a fool sometimes
@burnspank41 shit i hope theyr all wrong we need him
There's a spider in my room. Save me...
@JKeith1982 hmmmman aston os my dream car but its wishful thinking
Been working lots of overtime this week. Only just realized I booked a half day tomorrow so this week will just break even
what am l doing?? .....nothing much atm
@dopeboySHAKE omg man  i'll pray for ya
@mrskutcher All Pret-a-manger &amp; some marks &amp; spencers stores in the UK donate their food at the end of the day. Most lock their bins
i cant sleep
@MooNooH I don't understand anythingHomework. ew fml. Should I pull an all nighter? I think I'm gonna have to again
Good Morning campers@ihatecrayons i'm so fucking nervous!!!
@quikness Waaaahhh! So sad     Let me know when ur next down this way!
@kyza holy cute! Dexter has already lost his kitten face  gettin a chunky butt since we got back from qld too haha
awwww@yellowbag Hmmmvalium makes you feel goood. i need more. i can't fall back asleep. i want my mommy
I'm wake and sad  what the hells going on
I don't think Jon and Kate should get a divorceOff to work I go
@Nanava_3 U know - kids do what we DO - not what we SAY ... well@melisamelisa haha you have a better life than most. we should go get drinks again soon. jury duty has been boring
Hoping that this will just heal on it's own because anything I put on it just makes it worse. Owww
@forevertanoya awww dnt say that. I wanted to see it  how bad is it?
Apparently excessive heat is just as bad for a cold as excessive cold. My body is all blerg. My sofa is not comfy enough for my gaming
@Radio702 Tshwane wants double rates but try and phone to get service - endless loop #fail
@mcvie saying goodbye to something familiar never becomes familiar
On the bus goin 2 work but omg seriously im sooooo tired dont know if i'll survive the 8 hour shift
I am down  I need my snuggles but he is at work and he don't like to snuggle  ironic huh...
gotta love how im waking home at midnite. dangggg pray for mr. im so jumpy
i need some hot green tea  I cant sleep  ....
Test another update... sorry for bothering all of u guys
mmkayy TOTALLY going to bedd now. i mean it!! im only gonna get 3 hours of sleep tonight
@iancpalmer they don't use MSN either I don't think  and they are thousands of miles away so can't do it face to face
@ErikVeland Dude... That sucks! Why would they tow it from your own space?
@busays12 dont undrstand malaysian busays.just englishcant sleep again! Been up for ages...
Well I did run over a cat today (I know how sad) I cried and screamed my lungs out!!! I felt HORRIBLEahh..my stomach hurts
WorklovedCan't sleep!!! People keep textin me!!!
I hate the fact that I'm 4.5 hours away from you tonight and tomorrow we'll be 1946 miles apart  I wish you were here (
@greentm  ... i have phone calls like that often .. different subject - same result of feeling beaten to pulp and left for dead
Algebra test in three hours!
Morning all: Looks like no Nintendo Gameboy phone
@ Pretty_Mess you missed all the free shots
@galaxydazzle okay thank you! i can't find it
Oh no.... Trouble in paradice
Still awake can't fall asleep I'm not one bit sleepy
going crazy@charlietotem just a concert i can't go to due to trials
so sad about Mike Tyson's daughter.
@BeckyBuckwild do you ever respond to ppl?
We're having an impromptu pool party... Except I don't know how to swim so I can't get in
My stomach is killing me do I can't sleep
Holy shit it's super sunny@erikamodina Yeah ! I downloaded her whole album. :&quot;&gt; THE FAME ! I miss you taking care of me  Hahah !
Scary guy on colbert...
not so good mood..
@dancinqueenie Morning! I have loads to do 2day  goin for a walk 1st to get rid of last nites haribo's
Where's a bridge when you need one?..... FUCK!
I think I might have to break down and purchase some from the US just because I donot know what to call it over here
shady's making me  Trying to code somethingI have to goto work now ahhh kill me  my life isn't going the way I want it too atm. Ta ta kids x
feeling lonely@lisisilveira   I sent my donation to #Eric and wanted to put the banner onconfused on why and how people pose as others on twitter. I mean they really do their homework on peoples lives to imitate them. it's sad
@Emsy Twitter's being mean w/ the pics lately! Stole mine for an entire day!
@onmammaz ugh! I have a knee injury too@pkBLGdonahue he's not logging in yet.  and i doubt if he will check his his replies here in twitter. but we must keep on trying!
I just really want to sleep butmy eyes won't let me
http://twitpic.com/665e9 - i miss this place
Has been rejected
@linojoelsap still got one more year with t-mo tho  I might just get a new bb curve. Not too concerned abt apps. Batt life is important
@andyclemmensen Me too  @shortstackband haha I did but have no credit
is getting a cold    *coughI am in school. Absolutely I have been sick .. I want to go home - we are writing of geographyok so i'm a lil happier now.. i hope i fixd my emails.. hope they weren't hacked although it seemed really suspicious!!
I'm frightened that zombies are going to attack me.  i don't like scary movies.
@kyluhtoots oops. Cy's place is too near. Trouble for me.
sad that she didn't get to see Rica before she leaves later today..
@JohnGunders I want Ulead backmy internet income project has got a BIG problem today.
@Humangummybear Doodle whats wrong?
Morning. Panic. Clicked a link and opened up my browser. Firefoxjust going into school 2 get some spanish CDs &quot;sigueee&quot; haha. Then guess what my plans are .. studying all day again!
When the weather's... ughi need a good idea... FAST!
it seems my phone is dying!  boo!
this weather makes my fingers numb / still waiting
@irascian achNeed to come up with another blog post today. But for nowA day of administrative jobs
Spring cleaning episode 2....do I really have to
i was awake 7 hours agoAhh! my right kidney hurts soooo bad!!! Ooommmmggggg!!!!
Blehckk ! my cereal is yuck  why does it taste sour ?
Did 2dives w/ Oceans Deep Dive. 10m visShen computer just broke  Time to get the old IBM out...
Hate washing my hair! Because then it has to be dried &amp; straightened.  And then i find the grey hairs in the middle layers of my hair
Now I need to change my monitor
@Kikirowr Awwis envious of people not in long-distance relationships...she's all mushy with no one to cuddle.
Omg... Prison break... The final break. The two episodes that only aired in the uk. Wow. Watch them if you haven't. Soo sad. Tear
Muay Thai was awesome. I'm gonna be sore in the morning! I feel like being bad and eating junk tho
not happy with my 5:45 wake up call this morning  ... she's going to be grumpy later!
http://twitpic.com/665jw The racoons ate our bread!
:| Yikesits at 3 am@r4nt penis.  @shdwtrev i hope you made sure it's okay. D:
@hermorrine Yeah I've noticed  I miss Spender. But you were closer to him. How are you holding up?
looking at the sunshine out of my office window
@ashmart miss you
i'm lonely.  i need some hug.
Trying to get to sleep but my migraine is getting in the way
Off to get ready for toms..  gotta go make sure he's not done anything stupid  ill tweet later.
@yukihoang and of course it happens on the day I got a carwash.
anticipating a tough day ahead
@sarahlchu  poor you lmaoGrrr... why can't I fall asleep
My head hurts
I just managed to stab a piece of bhuja (hotis jealous of his family  their all having an amazing breakfast and all i get is rice crispies
@siskack what?? can't believe it
Ugg. Unpacking sucks
@andyclemmensen aww hahaREALLY want to go to an old friend's party tonight@shaundiviney i got a messgae but it didnt work cause i have a text saver not like money credit  im sad now. wat do i do?? xoxo
im back to this z-index problem...again
Am in the place called 0UT OF NOW WHERE!! Take me out from hereI want to ride my bicycle todayUp already  Nooooooo!
Have a golf ball sized swelling on my ankle and it's turned black and blue.
@LydiaCaesar why have you still not called me back regarding the groundbreaking production i sent you earlier
I only hve 9followers
I should be sleep. I have to wake up soooo early
@weelissa p.s. Dead like me was awsome. Loved that show  missed the last 2 episodes tho ?
@phenryss What's wrong?
t'internet on blackberry fooked so no checking of the tweets and whether phill has taken up my request
Wondering why it's so cold - the skylight is open - I left the gas on this morning
home form school...its a long weekend  most ppl would be happy but im not...im still mad and sad about him
I can't go to sleep until tech support emails me back
@Debblues didn't know you folks were thereYoutube's tubes appear to be clogging up somewhat today@aprilholle hmm. grows. in this case i am screwed. i can't even keep the &quot;easy care&quot; love fern alive.
i have the song here comes goodbye stuck in my head not a good song to be singing considering my situation
I went green yesterday and I was out so I missed it  do I get another certificate????
Heading to the hospital to sort out my backis ready for a productive friday. one of the last of the year
is sick &amp; tired of being sick &amp; tired
Just found out one of my ankles is swollen...eeks now it hurts
I had the worst dream ever: the Lakers were losing 11 : ZIP  &amp; Courney Cox had a mohawk wtf.
http://twitpic.com/4sx96 - before they put a CAMERA in the smokers pit.  i can no longer vandalize that door@minauderie @oxygen8705 Totally broke is right. I have to wait till Monday to get paid though! BOOHOO!
@bekimccabe true that! don't know why i bothered this morning cos I just put it up in a pony soon as I got to work anyways
@songbookbaby lol. u got AC right? u know it's getting chill here again...  n its gona rain tmr
not looking forward to dress shopping tomorrow. so afraid there's no way i'll be able to get what i want
@Amara_angel I cant i dont have mms  but i will waer it nexxt time i see you
just got on twitter. no friends to add!  none of my friends are in twitter
@xcharlotteyx Awww it's still not the same  I'm going to have a look though.
vmware fusion seems getting slower and slower
Gudafternoon twitter followers.. Hey m giving u chance now to help me get a gud placement.. m still maintaining a jobless profile... ;(
@colocelt My manI caaaaan't sleep.....it's 3.30am! wahhhh... i wanna cry
Is also having a lonely night.... Wishing she could go to Audun's so that she doesn't have that bad dream again...
wondering where all the money i earnt this financial year has gone... i can account for like 3 grand but wheres the rest
@arielleGore I so dont  And wtf. Whatthefuck. REALLY? Really? Are they trying to kill me? But i might be... Depends...
I just lost a fight against @hangy on Tweefight. I lost  Please revenge me! Try now http://tweefight.com/?opp=hangy
@tonibraxton Will you ever come to SF Bay Area to preformoh! i think i didnt do well on my photo editing for Db!  sorry :|
Aww sad @Ruthiexo09 now  stupid crapped up phone and deciding that you would go and screw yourself up and never again work arghhh
start work 2 moro at 6:30.  not looking forward to it
God the weather in London is ammmmazing! Yet I'm on a train half the day
Going to see Angels and Demons tonight. It better not scare me!!
Having horrible nightmares not gonna go back to sleep
is trying so hard to not worry and be at peace despite her circumstancesi wish i had more chicken wings
Selling 10jaffa race tickets. My friends are so heartless they wont even buy one
I feel like I'm on alott of drugs
asks can someone pass me some load. :| Kahit 2 pesos lang.  http://plurk.com/p/wxzyr
ahhh fusterated
I think I should hire one of those tranlsators.. because no one ever understands me....
@MrDix ugly. What programmes do you have open?
massive headache. argh
It's so hard to settle on a name
@AlexAllTimeLow awww that is very sad.  I sawwy
feels sorry every time I'm printing out@mosapp just say no reeesee cup
Ill in bed my stomach is killing me
@menace718bk Bummer I know   LOL  I actually do more partying when i am in school then out of school..I think it somehow helps me..hahaha!
Housemate saw Angel &amp; Demons last nightAnd it's starting to get cold
@mikusi gawd. People still remember the preggers comment. Hate you!
@iFollowMike ugh I'm not doin too good
Whyyy am I still awake when I have to work at 8?! This is not good
really thinks wee callum should of got through last night
I had my hair cut today and my boyfriend didn't notice....
Did not feel like getting up
Gone r the days wen we used to sit 4 exams.. no more examsits at 3 am@Wykrzyknik uffi cant find my itouch for the 64577 billionth time n i need it to sleep
Back from A&amp;ESon's 15th Birthday this weekend.Taking him out for a Mexican meal and a major game buying spree.I miss the Lego days
@AmalSyazwani i shorry bebeh  it okeh ada one more chance.
Certain tweets I write are on the spot messages for a personcavs got lucky 2night  lol but lebron took over and killed em another triple double
Rain rain go away
Fucking typical. GH:M arrives just as I leave for work. It's going to be a long day
Bout to knock out. Feelin a lil sick  peace y'all
Just got home after walking the dogs.  Very humid in Kaneohe.  No AC in my home    Ceiling fans work!
@Cadistra NOOOO I'll miss you too much!  I went stag to my prom and all the high school and middle school dancesWhy don't any of my friends ever miss me  why do 40 year old pervs like me  why can't I be a shape shifter ((((((((((((((((((
Entered house searching mode yesterday... we need to find an apartment in D�sseldorf until the end of Augustwith hubby at the dentist ready to hold his hand  and getting nervy about potentially buying a car tomorrow
@abduzeedo something wrongGetting that funny feeling that usually indicates I'm sick. Great....
got another long day of papers and projects tomorrow  but this time one of the projects is shaving@thatlass yeahJust checked my bank balance. I spend like a millionaire despite the fact I am nowhere near as rich as one.
Wow i will be away and my &quot;expecting&quot; wife is going to be here in Indiamissing my manI read the disclaimerIts chilly n lonley n this livingroom
Memphis just can't catch a break these days. My poor Tigers
5500 words and counting.  My hands hurt
I miss the Doctor Who regular series.
Jeez! Little one is seriously constipated. Don't know what to do anymore. Anyone tips? It's terrible seeing him in serious pain
@damienmulley Yes otherdad  @katiemoffat WaitInshalla! Devo I wont be at the Astor tonight
iTunes upgrade reset playcount to zero  How will I know which one of 143 Hasta Siempre versions I liked best?
Watched The Notebook last night.... Wahhhhhhh!  V good.  Cried my eyes out!  Maybe a bit too close to home I think.    Go watch!
@_erica /hugs those are the worst. Mine used to be really bad on the first day..sometimes can't even get out of bed.
@AlexAllTimeLow aww  cant wait till u get 2 Sydney ;D i missed out on tickets tho.. :O xxx
imissu@Zobi09 I'm concerned for that family
just called Toyota. Car won't be ready til 5.
@mrcoups oh dear  not fun
Can't sleep...so I'm watching HGTV. I'm afraid infomercials are about to take over
@widrfm  hey@Keiyaunna So i guess im stuck in the LOBBY
365days rperss.... where are youuuuuuu
This porridge tastes shit! I cba with today man.
Have to sell my car. It's costing me too much. Can now afford one rollerskate. Bye bye petey
seriously getting hurt.... 4 days before nationals.. what a joke
@katelynizzle haha okay you were talking about middle college grad I think and I got worried
I hate tossing and turning.. Why can't i just fall asleep?
Can't seem to sleep tonight... Its 3:38am@dawndela yeh still have the weekend@HannaManna I think it goes against everything i thought the olympic spirit of Team GB is/was
Auditions are good butGoing to revise for physics.
@urbancritter I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
Want to get my hands dirty with FubuMVC. http://bit.ly/J00ha@Yvette_Maree omfg are you alright?
@yanq_ndo OMG I'm so sorry. I'm the worst employee ever. My hard drive just failed taking the survey data with it
is bored at school and my throat it swollen
down with a nasty cold in cagayan de oro
Euh@AlexAllTimeLow aw  were sad you had to leave tokyo. come back.please
E docs are getting younger these days.can u guess where am i??yup@chrissalad My Mum said I probably wont get out of it  ALSO - it goes for like 2 months. That's normal right?
@fauzims It was white...  I acidentally left it in when i was doing my colours...
I seriously hate my life: it's currently 2:42am@KINGmoney I'm sorry...I'll make sure I do that next time.
yack yack -- resorting to these :#2&amp;!@#$%^&amp;*()etc. to stay within twitter limits?? not good
I wish I could go back to bed with @wowshaggy
i cant afford it  go to school here ? !!
cries. AJ radio is gone  Guess I won't be DJing anymore.. until I get this fully fixed.. How are we btw? Heaps of homeworki feel less than nothin'.. lower than zero..
Attempting to sleep. My puppy is sick already
@GianninaRossini blimey! You're still suffering?!!
@Keiyaunna OH FACK U GAVE ME POLICE THATS SOME SERIOUSE SHIT
Too broke for cigarettes.
squirrel! where? i hate squirrels
Can't sleep....  &amp; why isn't my $ in my damn account!? BofA is trippin
@tissuerose i'm with you in this.  i've always have prob prioritizing myself ahead of him.
LAPPYTOP BATERRRY DYINGI no longer have a ticket for ny
...I have to study ....
Squabbling with people over the internet is great for my TumblarityType cold in my room
is MySpace mobile free? or do u have 2 have credit... cause they are liers
@MaryKathrynK Yikes!  I hope she was okay.  I never her heard her say her tummy hurt.
Flight to hurghada delayed 7 hours
Going to be a strange weekend. Probably srtarting off with working til midnight tonight
Whataburger closing all locations but tally  so harsh@MarieLuna I'm sure it's not what you think. Is this really you? i saw you couple of months back in NAIAi'm so worn outI've got a dentist's appointment soon!  The drill feels like I've got my brain in a blender - not looking forward to it
@Scarlettjen fuck. it should be recoverable. it's just the boot part that's messed up. grr argh. my business was on there.
@ajaedandridge ate pussyNot well again  @littlereidy it's definitely not hayfever
HOW COME ITS SO HARD TO FIND A GUY WITH THE SAME PASSION FOR LOVE AS FOR A WOMAN?? AM I EVER GOING TO SEE THE DAY! IM lonely yall!
@SydneyAlterEgo probably not in this weather
I am living in a country where the government is ALWAYS a circus show ... sad but true...
Don't know who U R anymore!!!
My dead grandpa pays more attention to me than you do
BIG NEWS?! But I don't know if I can share it.
@alabamawhirly I'll be stuck inside the office all day today
Being dragged round Ikea this morning  Bad times!
@Nelley aww sorry boo. I haven't bought a printer in 4 years; my canon i900d is still making amazing prints. Have zero fisheye exp.
So ... Still finishing errands for a trip tomorrow morning where I have to be at airport at 6am.
@QueenofScots67 this is a little sad and I know I am new but no one has ff me yet
Invasion of the Old Ladies has just ended@monroejnicole Im goodie. I feel like we are so disconnected
arrives in mfk... With these potholes.. I foresee a wheel changing session. Hai no man
sneezing is never a good sign
@GuitarHeroDevs Why online one download this week?
*sigh* i always disappoint people who get in my way...  everyone .. i'm OUT.. i might disappoint everyone else here..
@ajaedandridge  ummm...last night when I DM'd you@FLASxyBlck25 right now thats about all I can deal with  I work too much and I need my space! Most women dont offer that!
work suckd.. another closing nite with 30 dollars pockeded..  i need a new job
screw the fact you can't post LONG updates on twitter
@Miss_Thrifty eBay 10 mile rule not working for me.  Too many pairs of leather trousers being sold in Aberdeen. Will try next week.
@NosliwEiggam heyAnother night of not sleeping
@tommcflyYou guys dont get too drunk without me
@UltraSub Too much details !!!    (But glad he is better)
Morning tweeple! I'm a bit sneezy today
Did not win Kelly Clarkson Tickets. Sorry Cecilia. Really wish I could give that to you! You so much deserve it.
what do u do when ur dads losing it mentaly and dosent remeber you
why am i up...i have to wake up at 7
@dylandersen I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
Hate be late
feeling like shit. hope its not swine flu or something
Its friday and i'm sickhow i wish the result IS true...
@queeeniee Where's yummiest Pan Mee? For me it's behind Dance CenterI still have a very depressed feline fuzzball...it's another trip to vet tmrw to see what can be done...worried doesn't even cover it
@crunchybunny Sus Ate@MadamSalami pmsl @poo... We had crap everywhere too. But NO More. Love it. My wool stash today though
@anttoekneeeeeee with 14mph winds!!
@Rina_spn what's going on?
where has my sleep run off to??
@disquiet Business or pleasure? Will keep my eye out for anything. You're just missing a Moondog concert tomorrow night
Can't freakin sleep and i have a horrible stomach ache
@DavidAWatson link no worky-work
@kaybob23 too bad i dont have either
where is the sunshine...the only thing i see are clouds...
@Rina_spn aww  sick? and i hate soupWide awake. Wishing I wasn't. Damn nightshift routines. Got turned down for the job in Nashville  oh well ...
Homework day
In the emergency room with my cousin. She's got mad flu and can't walk or breathe.  Why are hospitals always so cold?
@misstiffytaylor try having your best writing five years behind you  heh@Brizzers haha i agree lame....another thought  y are their concerts so expensive......that's kinda lame too
nt online &amp; mayb next week  if u havent voted pls do: http://bit.ly/hHigd
@glassdahl: i'm more than willing to give him what he needs. XD but srslySoooo full that im starting to feel sick
I didn't catch the Jonas Brothers Facebook Webcast...  It already ended when I logged in to my Facebook account...
I don't know what to wear....
How sad is it that your best friend is so selfish and heartless that they exclude you from their life completely...I'm so sad
working on my oral presentation and upset.........
#3wordsaftersex i think im bleeding.
i miss you soo much
Thanks those who have clicked :p Well I think I did something wrongi'm new!!!!! dunno whatta doo!
@MakeupGeek I am soo excited about your pasadena seminar...if only i can find the confermation email
My bed had tha nerve 2 call my blackberry askin me where the hell I was.......looks like I gotta go ya'll  I'll c u in 3.5hoursThis already feels like one of those days where I just won't be able to win.
why is it so hard to find good house events in the Sacramento area?
@fifitheconquero I was going to go to london for a week then had to change my ticket! I would have been there right now
@julsey I should be asleep  trying to be...
Totally prepped for interview at 10In bed can't sleep .... Something is missing.....
actually@Ozalina It's been fine for me for likeCan't sleep....restless mind! Agh
@demios101 ohMy mock ACET scores have shown me that I am doomed to fail not because of ignorance but because of stupidity.
Had a nice concert yesterday. Nice locationThe horror that is Maggie Gallagher is still with me. Such a big ball of ignorance. You can't reason with idiots like thatCan't sleep bc I know I have to be up early !
I'm bummed that I didn't get TEDx tickets
@niteskolar Now you only have 2 hours to sleep...  - Rest if you need it.
DANG! I just ran over a bunny on the way home.  Why do I feel so bad? And Why do I have more compassion for animals than I do humans?
@yourmajestyy haaaw..well i get out of class at 10:50..i hope i make it
I also shall be missing Lauren when she goes for a week
mayb he was raped when he was younger
I'm tired. I think I'm becoming too old to go out.
Back in Durham from Greensboro but Cook-Outs closed.  hmmmm....
says God please i hope it doesn't brownout...i'm burning my files  http://plurk.com/p/wy5za
Sore throat cominghttp://bit.ly/ZGuQP  What would happen if the Bees died?
@Jinsing what Brody how dare u
has tummy pains  n woke stu up for a drink in the middle of the night@karinb_za its not fruitI hope I get the job so I can have some steady income and start eating well again. All the cheap food is horrible for you
Is anyone's #visialvoicemail working. Have done the sync. Turned off &amp; on. But still not going  Help?
Readydriving lesson then off to ikea with the mother and finally work. today is going to be wank
where's Jake??
In work early@NKOTBahamas2009 Aw it says the pic doesn't exist anymore
@DreamnetFaith69 I will have spent my allowance at cybernet expo in SF by then  send me a dm with rateshurt. done trying..
@HzNKzM i want cafe latteeeeeeeeeee
I took my yearbook photo earlier at schoolvery malakas ang ulan. how will i go to fort
@dalzinho I was trying to back all her documents up but it wasn't playing along. its taking forever but am back at it again now
holiday time | got my grizzly bears cd@daveoflynn Amen to that
i need to go out of office again.. i am melting..
I think i should go to sleep considering i hav to b up on 3hrs....
@david_tennant yes! Watching season 2 all evening.  Wish I could get BBC2
@dean_b if I drive home now I think I am breaking the laws?  Tooooooo many dranks.  Toooooo many. I am stuck in MF burbank.
Caught up with apprentice last nightStart of diet today  I think I have to face I will never get back down to 77kilos (unless I cut a leg off)�
@m8m1adym307 yea me too  lol
#Ferber As happens every few days@_refugee_ /me gets &quot;Your video will start in 15 seconds&quot;@fueledbyregret I walk to &amp; from work...about 25 mins...think that makes it worse   Improves once indoors tho.
@empemp: aiaahh.. poor u  tell ur mom already?
Oh my!...It's raining...I don't bring with me my umbrella..   baha na naman ngayun...for sure..
so cold
I so don't wanna go outsideMy phone is dying ....
i miss the Soulja Boy dance...
Still not asleep. Ahhh  Wtf?!
new flat heads
omgeee that hurt like helll. finally got it back in. can't close it put the ball back in
Have been feeling very sick    had day off today... ARRRGH
I think I've forgotten to mention some people on my video
Hear @jonasbrothers full album preview during todays webcast!  #jonasnewsongs NO WAYYY I couldn't 'tune in'
Trying to get some sleep but cant  i gotta wake up early for my doctors appointment too ugh!!
@VikkiJCapra Aw I left it at home  I do have some Travis or Coldplay though?  xx
Leaving in 25 mins to go to Latin revision class
getting stuck from visiting sites by rain
Busy.. Busy.. Busy.. :S Wont be on Ning for few days.
My smartcard fell out of its holder when I was going home today. If anyone finds it@Redjotter nocupcakes gave me heartburn
Stayin over at dustins tonight... my car hates me!
Has horrible toothacheIn trouble - I haven't finished reading Crow Road  Book Club's off for me today I'm afraid. Lazy mare.
wishing my days off were the same days that people wanted to party.
@capricious_and IKR. I myself am headed out for a meeting.
Been rebuilding my Dev. machine after a disk crash last night
@haylescakes Sis...I dont think I will be up 4 2nite sadly  Im in alot of pain 2day &amp; had bad nite...can we go out anotha week soon?xx
I can't believe it's 9am and i'm awake@ColeyRenee I miss you terribly
Burnt 3 of my fingers from trying to keep my hands warm over the rice cooker.
@FireFly74 And most of us are going to be stuck in an office@T_A_R_A I was wondering where you were@treasaint don't i know itis now going to see his very ill uncle on saturday and the night at his house as even more bad news has come up
oh dearuff - hard to get going today@3Easy Last week of July  Will you be up and at em by then?
stunning business cards! ashamed of mine  http://bit.ly/zpsQo
@fuckbomb awww that sucks  alsogawd the rain is too strong
@thomasfiss ur gonna be missed you know  but i hope things will be better for you
is now going to see his very ill uncle on saturday and spend the night at his house as even more bad news has come up
morningI don't want to work tomorrow. I don't feel good. Haven't felt good in 4 days =/ My body needs rest but my mind won't slow down!
@ApDiggles That was a horrible day.
@zoecorkhill do you get headaches a lot? What painkillers do you take? Nothing works for mine
feels veryTuesday@shinyflash my plans might have just gone out the window too  bit gutted.
can't go to sleeeeeep  whyyyyy
Maybe I'm lacking in Friday feeling cos more of my trousers won't go on  Thunder thighs!
I have a broken wrist
the @collegedems 2009 convention ( http://tr.im/mLvw ) doesn't look that great this year  - going to vegas then sounds much more fun
@HellenBach then he has gone down in my estimation
I'm awake and can't sleep bc I'm feeling sick  yuck!!!
@allergymeds im allergic to cats! my tonsils get swollen and they hurt  what do i dooo?!
@arielleGore phaket.  what did anneliese want to do?
Bought new racquet for $145... wish this racquet will do the  half and God the rest .well despite recession things are fkin costly
@wizofozgurl I think I'm going to be the only lame person to cry for Jay's last episode...lol... I wish I were able to go
I lost followers  Was it something I said?  I swear I am not into freeballing.  Ugg that is the last time I mention that thing.
Wow.....I've been stood up  Might as well go to work.
@peacelovetylr Help i need the stalker police can you give me their number
@amandapalmer was there going to be a recording of with the needle that stings in her heart on youtube or something? i missed the stream
@nikhilbelsare exactly the same problem i am having with pure classical musicis scanning the pics all over again ..
always tiredis there a way to &quot;stabalise&quot; a shaky video in post production? I apparently have a very shaky hand.
That room will be an oven too
i have to go to the doctor... i don't want to... cause there i can wait sooo long...
@LycoLoco i'm not proud. but os x excels at video/photo editing where the pc lags so much behind.
Its 1:11am and both my girls are still up! .. im so tired ..
Internet is getting damn slow today..
Just missed my train
@iprmktg Haaay are those the Kettle black joints???  I have them in black!!! Super dopedriving around for 3 hours going nowhere is not as fun as it seemsYou all have no Idea how badly I wish that I was at botcon.  Oh well! NEXT YEAR!
@illestnana me and my friend over here are disappointed we cant make it
@MadamSalami i had to get the same sized jeanscant believe i stay out this late!.....waking up for work in T-minus 4hours
@CNReilly I missed Match Game tonight    I hope I make it tomorrow night.
@jackfaulkner I forgot all of those people
cant take photos of Darling Harbour fireworks cause its raining  carried all my camera gear to work for nothing #fb
just woke upSeems like 60 min wait time  should I call the wife now
Not happy got a big choice to make
@Anne_A4L Hey Anne! I stayed up 2 try 2 arrange 4 some NYC Archies 2 get tix 2 the concert. Logged off @ 2.30 but only fell asleep @ 5am
@christineduggan we keep getting pet days  but i heard the weekend is to be fab !!! wedding how soon again ?
I don't know what this is all about  but I'm goin to sleep
@SamerKaram but better hurry[BBC] Malaria parasites becoming resistant to drugs  http://trunc.it/9yn5 ~ this is really not good as Malaria affects so many people
Morning all. I appear to have a bit of a sore head. Perhaps the bag of pork scratchings for dinner wasn't such a good idea
@professorgreen &amp; you still are not following me
@Cleric20 Nope. Im hearing bad things.
My attempts at writing tonight seem to be failing.
i juz registered my cp in twitterugh. I totally can't sleep.
@kpatthethird D; im sowwwy  urgh i feel bad &gt;.&lt; kkkkkkk so should i call you when i get 2 bullschitt?
@gulpanag unfortunately I choose sleep over gym almost everyday  trying to get over it!
@Danisidhe Wow - that's one deep sleep!  Wish I could sleep like that -one little noise and I'm awake
@cutiemoet i noe... bt i jus cant help it.....
@TwoOnTheBeat i wud do but im at work   srry xx
@kelleyrowe my internet just crashed  i will ttytomorrow.
@primesuspect  If only my writing wasn't so scrub.
gotta get up in a few hours...booo  gooodnight!
I miss my peanut gallery
@djain1989 yes .. thats a problem   #prism #fail
@dc493 sassafrass reminds me of rachel  i miss her
@mhall214  youre not supposed to...
@AlexMaza thanks for the follow! Isafailure was supposed 2 b a team thing@dean_b BF @ gig in Portland OR.  That's not driving distance to come save me from Burbank. I stuck ATM.  Working on plan B
@NikkiNoo1956 That's not goodis house bound with acute mumps  bad times.... whole day ov supernatural me thinks  x
OK crowdsourcing failedwhy have 3 people stopped following me  is it something I said??
My acid refulx is acting up�probably the worst it's been in months. I don't think I'll be getting any sleep tonight.
i cant sleep ughh n i have registration tomorrow at 11 this suxs   *Shooting Star*
Oh no  I wanted to go to sea but today the sun is not here!  SIGH!
@torilovesbradie definitelyGuys i dont think chris loves me   he never show me attenition or affection   i think its time to end it.  What you think?
@funhiguy Hi manInstalled office for Mac &amp; messed up all my fonts on safariI'm thirsty in the middle of the night and get to the fridge only to find my Brand New bottle of Cran-Cherry juice gone....  FML moment!!
@yin9shi what interview! leave me alone
i got a bruise on my foot out if nowhere!  it hurts!
finally graduation no more school ... im sick today
@BunnyLuv87 Sorry I didn't go  Jesus wasn't feeling it. And you know I can't see it with out my best bud. Well that movie anyways @Eexst
@afrocurl mark harmon just got shot on my tv
that was terrible...
Bug in damn cod4 system link. My map pack isnt working
fuck@LoveisTrain it drained my energy
@taylorswift13 ....... i'm wondering if you're as awake as i am. ?
The test today was killer. I didn't even manage to finish on time.
@pete too early I'm afraid  op to take screw out week Tuesday. The family will going off@KinanLW Wah@mathewsanders boo! I must've deleted it from my phone!  can't find it in my emails either!
2 hours after teleconference. but can't go back to sleep. got some work to do. sigh sigh
@_hayles yer there must be-not sure tho-caught it off my brother but got it worse
my iMac's died  keeps cutting out for no reason. Anyone recommend a good mac place for service / parts? Think I need a new power supply
Leaving for Paris tonight. Trying to cram all my assignments for the week done in two days.   I think I'm half doneit's almost comforting to know all LDN people not working on this beautiful day will get skin cancer.... I want out of this office now
red update: temp of 40+. Suspected infection. Antibiotics given. Appt tomorrow to check temp again. fingers crossed.  #fb
is having a hard time concentrating today.  Have to get it together!
@JulieAdore I checked ULCAMy neck hurts a lot.
dual reject ...  http://tinyurl.com/mfm7tl
Shit... It's 2am and I'm wide awake
29 mei@neg2led what's wrong?  maybe I can help?
I definitely feel sorry for Jamie Stewart... Amsterdam audience can really suck (www.xiuxiu.org and read his post of May 27th  )
i thought payday was today but its on saturday  so happy hour wont be happening today lol...thank goodness its friday tho !!
Feeling sick the now
@NatashaTamara awwwwww....I know that feeling!!
agh! freaking out about going to Wales already! &gt;&lt; not packed!!
Raaaaaaaaaaagh early morning  and its not even early!! Must leave for work in 6 minutes...
he's ok dw but i think he's not  http://plurk.com/p/wybsv
Just watched hella home movies with my aunt and uncle. I miss the days where our whole family got along
The stars are out. Where were you when I needed you
@ashleeadams no wonder you hate driving and country roads and stuff
@maddysen ohhh i wanna go  gahhh but i dunnooooooo :S me confuzzzledd should i or not???
@ryankanno ack33 minutes left before my flannel hobbit shoes get wet  RAINCan't believe we're going through redundancies again! The government has well and truly screwed up..  Off with their heads!!
my knee hurts!
planning June - lots of appointments. meetingRain stopped a few minutes ago. I noticed that every time I cheer for the rain while it's rainingi really need to go and start some more revisionReady for the trip. Not ready to leave my baby!!!!
i misss my phone@andymakesurandy don't worry iPhone users are just as privileged  wish i were heading to the pool
Jinxed myself! Damn system upgrade didn't stick... Starting again
So I played this game my boss is bullying me...
K now I'm really going to bed even tho I ain't tired  night! &lt;3
is sad his new SB6 CD's got nicked
@Keiyaunna I normally dnt sleep until like 6  cud never sleep at night n ur entertainment
Layin in bed awake. Txtin my girl in vegas. Wishin I didn't have to work and I was w her
My mobile has stopped recieving text messages AGAIN. Stoooopid thing
@thecoffeewhore I'm sowwy.   It suckschillin after a LOOOONNNGGG day of basketball  hella tired sleepy time zzzz
I think my iPod touch may be breaking itself.
@mapsadaisical just tried DMing you but it tried to download some strange file so stopped!  How come no gmail MaccyM?  Missing you  SADS!!
Revision Time@cutiemoet u think its fair...... k den i guess m wrng.... still i feel its not at all fair....
Ugh my neck really hurts  I'm out aquatards@lick_it_good den fell asleep on me!!!
http://bit.ly/1052x1  DO WANT. I need a PS3 soon.
Dentist in less than 2 hours  Arrgghh. I like my teeth the way they are. Except for the toothacheaw! I'm gonna miss my old username... nick jonasI'm so worried about my sister's guinea pig. I hope Stalin makes it through tonight!  you can do it baby!!
Else find this extremely unfair and unjust. The people spoke about the mmj laws 10 years ago here and yet our voices are still not heard.
Hey Fused GamingThe sun is wonderful but makes me feel incredibly fat.. The less clothes and more exposure thing  today I diet. Again......
The sneezing begins...
it makes me  when i see people replying to people that are only after followers and would never reply back
Oh no... that bird is back
Isnt looking forward to going back to work. 3 days off isnt long enough
On my way to work! I'm runnin late and I'm sooooo tired!
@ladybug8320 ooh@theerealfdhc OMGMy paradise fly catchers abandoned their nest....  they are starting again... but it's gonna b tough
@dabobabo I can't believe this! Did they give you any reason?
still ill. HOW LONG MUST THIS GO ON?! meh mehIt is really hot now. I have shorts on and plenty of factor 20! No fish caught yetOne of these days I'm going to delete something really important   Someone@YOitsEILEEN And web-less starting the day after that  #homeless
just seen 1 of the fat single Mums from up the road &quot;seductively&quot; sprawled across some poor blokes bonnet. He probably needs new shockers
cannot go@ShomariW LOL. PR is AMERICA!!! LMAO!!! He dont like me... theres nothing I can do!
I was hoping ABC will pick up &quot;king of the hill&quot; but they said no
My poor andrew just had 2 of his wisdom teeth removed.  i wish he'll get better fast.
did not sleep a wink last night  X
went to bed last night with the feeling of a migraine coming and woke up feeling worse.
today is my last day of high school! most things i do today will be my last time doing them..  pure CRAZINESS!
Bob Dylan - It Aint Me Babe. Important day todayForced myself out of bed this morningWe'll be moving from a strength to a hypertrophy phase for chestjerk josh! didn't even come meet me  - im thinking of a number guess ?
i am not happy at all
Im regretting the alcohol I consumed last nightBloody servers are down at work for at least 3 hours. Want to go home now!
@CourtneySit Hey are you quiet today or is it me...work was nuts today...no tweeting time
Is in the badbooks again@mrtrev *hug* yep I hate that meself
In KL now took wrong turn after Sg Besi now jam in city center
That was a  and it's because I missed too many leg sessions recently.
@EPMorgan I can't even do that  not good!!
eughhhh feels really ill today  - headachewon't be going to the Oxford Internet Institute Sunner Doctoral Programme in Brisbane: lack of funding
@rookiepaul that doesnt sound like a good situation
@steamsmyclams @ADalrymple I'm not a big fan of Costa  I ended up going to EAT as they have one outside our office!
absolutely boiling! Got factor 50+ on! Must not turn orangeWaiting for the bus. The bus is going to be uncomfortably hot I bet
@imnothelz Oh that can't be nice
Wish someone would by my 90mm Mamiya MF lens. Needs the money
Slept 7pm-almost 10pmprincess_I have to pack up my house today.. ButIneedhelp
won't be going to the Oxford Internet Institute Summer Doctoral Programme in Brisbane: lack of funding
is still waiting.
I want to see my friends  Mindless fun. No workI failed my maths exam today. fxxxmylife
Cross Country was today...Hmmphh my feet hurt
was doing a hard copy doc review&quot;sometime around midnight&quot; by The Airborne Toxic EventMy cold now seems to me settling on my chest  worried I am sounding like a typical man with flu !
stranded @ delhi Airport  flight delayed
will b having my last V tomorow   will have2live off of apples n not caffeine ;( n have2cut down on chocolate bye bye chocy
Has that sinking feeling that it's all about to go t*ts up.....bracing myself for the comedown
is having brain blockage in musical thoughts
Can't sleepIt's /far/ too sticky hot today. I do wish my cars air conditioning worked
Aaaa! I need to work today@filanfurball sorry bout 2day  bloody typical@epic_zorz_peep count yourself lucky i was gonna say the OTHER word instead...and rsvp...sorry i cant come to ur birthday...day?
Is feeling like he has a bad flu. Yes. Bad. Flu.
Ohhh  only a bit of time left to have an account on the forums.. I do hope I get to be a leader some day :/
i wish i could of been at commencement this yr  i wonder if they're really going to protest.
I would Join you shopping but i have work all weekend  six degrees of seperation is confsuing
isn't singing Oh what a beautiful day though it is from the musical Oklahoma  due to insomnia and a lot of noise outside motelroom
Why am I limited to only being able to sync with 1 MS Exchange account on iPhone?  ... same goes for Outlook. Why can't I have more? Lame.
@quwanaisnotmynm no  the love of my life is. so i guess now im definately shooting for good
@sofiacoyiuto my mac's hard drive crashed then i brought it to powermacSo sick &gt;.&lt; feeling shitty whole body aching!! Hope I get well before boo boo's grad show   sighs.........
Doing accounts revision. Boo
Why am I limited to only being able to sync with 1 MS Exchange account on iPhone?  ... same goes for Outlook. Why... http://bit.ly/etB8H
Really Wish i could see dave from @reemerband againIts so hot here
@TVXQUKnow  I feel tired of my work  Cheer for me please~
feels guility . sorry 'bout that  http://plurk.com/p/wyqow
Woke up at 8:30am....now 10:30am and no clue what to do....?
tomorrow will be my last day in work.. how sad.. bye Ange
uhh I wish someone would include me in their follow friday - would be great to get more followers
what?! i just missed home + away! nooooooooo
will miss jay leno ..
I stung myself with stinging nettles all down my shin
I dreamt someone committed suicide w a drip stand!  - http://tweet.sg
I did not twitt yesterday cause it was a very busy day but I'll be back tomorrow  BTW I can not sleep  I'm like in zombie mode @_@
sigh@brentoli oh no  say it aint so
In the UK with no phone service  oh yea and still sick (coughFyi- putting makeup on under flourescents = FAIL. ... oh face-peely@JohnGreenaway dammitIt started out so lovely this morningexams are the worst mahn!! 2 to go
i'm not ready for tomorrow's competition!
wants to feel better
@fiercemichi i havent got poked much
@Parquette1 Haha! maybe I should try that. The insomnia is kickin' my butt
Depressing day todayGood morning tweeps. Busy this a.m. but not in a working way
Omgapparently even Novell Moonlight doesn't work on my Jaunty
@hazelnutchoc Same as@johan__ thank You! I almost forgot hoe to type on the keyboard how long I was anway from my PC..
@lislBR My brother shared his microbes with me
@TheSims3 well us Brits have to wait a few more days for it!  I thought it was all gonna released at once! I guess it's worth the wait!
@dublins98dave me too! I am down 400 euro
Ahh I'm so confused  what can I do? I don't wanna run away but can I really handle a real relationship? What is love anyways.. False hope!
@steve228uk Awh I forgot you had the pox  Hope you get better soon!
@HelenH20 ugh! Tis so warm outside too  unfair! I want to go read and pack!
Still gutted that man utd lost
What a bad day!
@simfin part 2: social networking??.. there is even room for people
Omg I want TF2@MGChislett  Is there going to be any more TAI TV? Ah I hope so
@JamanthaLopez it was me the whole time I did a ton of things so u would believe me but u wouldn't listen or let me prove it. Or blve me
Thinking about someone. Now a days I think more and code less  What is it...?
@katemthompson I wish I could still drink it but I had two bad nights with white wine in London and then I was sick for almost a week
Stupid me:O Job interview today@naomijade Heavenseww. cant sleep and its 2:38 am
i need people to talk to me please im very bored  x  follow me!
Its times like these that I miss Manila. I'm not feeling up to myself lately
SeriouslyPretty sure my laptop just died 100%. HP DV2000Oh man. I have been sick all night. I feel awful.
@sianmclachlan Sorry@mrugeshkarnik ohMissing Going To Villa.. Another 2 Months With Out Them
My heads spinning from math@russellprue (duh typo error) part 2: social networking??.. there isn't even room for people
Mortified. could lose my job
I want 2 get my nails done todaydunno where to startsomeone please tighten some bolts in my brain  :s  there are too many parts loosebahhhh.. cold weather is making my teeth hurt.
ooooh.... I have a headache.  Got to go to work now
Morning. Forgot my daily booth yesterday.. shocking! I want to sit in the garden today and read but we have a huge bees nest
@TaylorKarney UghHome. Don't think i'll wake up at 5. :-p I had set an alarm for 6 in the kids' room &amp; forgot to turn it off. I feel bad about that.
It's this year. Can't catch it@jesse_la ben's dreams make me so saddddddd  i want them to be togetherrr. i swear if this shit gets me bawlingggReally wish I could have gone to @bikeradar this weekend
@MYFUTURELIES No way. What about Sydney?  yeahwish i was home in time for the #jonaswebcast today
@billyraycyrus Please get a cell phone with a better camera on it... your pictures are real bad quality compared to those that Miley took
It's this year. Can't catch itsorry for my lack of tweets  ive been buzy. new vid this saturday!!
@Glinner the trailer has been removed  i have a look and see if i can find it somewhere
@General_Coxy ApologiesARG! Eirtaku got hit by stupid bots. So much porn on a kid friendly site.
@rainbowbrite22 What r u stressin' bout mare?
@Blinkollieb182 : nooo  i don't know why...i click on TweetDeck_0_25_manual_Blink182.air and it doesn't run!! so sad...
@davidbaillie they are evil mean peopleI just had a horrible dream.
no food since woke up.
i reeaally miss my cosito  hope hes getting good scores!
@JenniferSmithCo Just checked the diary and it clashes with uSwitch.net beers
No callback yet.
working wearing sunglasses...my eyes are bleeding!
My dad's not feeling well. I want to make him soup. Suggestions guys? + get well soon ayah
I have too much homework to do today
Waiting for Hetzner to fix my server... Seems like Interspire SendStudio caused the problems
Our neighbors cat died!  I really loved him =(
We actually have milestones due for 3 high profile projects in the next 2 weeksI just woke up. My teeth really hurt from my rubber bands
Burnt the fuck out of my hand today.
Google Adsense Income down by 6% in this months Payment@labelladiva Are you blogging yet? I miss you writing
@edma my brain has become a converter ed. i've been converting into LM for  the past 2 yrs. every 5 mins of every single day
Woke up from aspirating some stomach acid. I'm praying that I dont acid reflux  and that it was a one time thing
almost got a kitty yesterday...but it didn't work out
Too much information
doesnt want to go to work
*sits at the airport waiting for @DenalisAngel to get here*..I got in early to surprise her and i can't find her
went to Marsee-they changed the store around &amp; I felt as though I was interrupting the staff
is school over yet? Im ready for vacations already
baaaaaaaah!!!! there's a MEGA cockroach in the kitchen and i have no one to kill it!  heeeeelp me!!!! haha my retarded cats are no help!
careless
The puppy is sick  and some one put they hands on my momma &gt;:-|
My puppies killed my cat lastnightwhy does my body decide NOW is a good time to wake up every morning at 8?! Maybe Dean will wait for me in my dreams...
@JonathanRKnight I`m really sad@FrankieTheSats @MollieOfficial @Rochellewiseman @Unahealy @vanessawhite Post man Pat has now been &amp; still no birthday cards from yous?!
still fighting off this coldthis is horrible. lauren cant go out no more. and arghhhCan't seem to find the new Mountain Dew Throwback in 12 packs....only in 1 liter bottles
Mad tired. But it's the hols! I miss chomp chomp terribly!
today is going to be AH. Giving notice to my boss today. She is going to be upset  I'm totally stressed.
My tummy hurts...again
@mublogger WeirdLong to-do list. Little desire to do it all.
@iod2009 Will arrive tomorrow morning at 7  #early
There is a baby cardinal fallen out of its nest. I dont want to get attacked by the mom bird but i dont want the dog to get the bird
The Heater blew up
is so sorry for letting her down
@speedysari I know   But maybe by then you will have forgotten about it@KoSoVaR  got a limit sell @ .94 for even pretty muchMissed FMA...
@Jack_O_C I'm seriously screwed  I haven't studied at all!!!! :'(
is nervous and wants things to be dealt with alreadyMel best hurry up back from asda i'm so hungry
Oh shit!  I forgot to eat! Grumble grumble.
@jackfaulkner Don't have time - got work later
Ughcurrently working on the SDP's Prototype.... so much to do...
Today just fucking sucks for me!!
sun - where are you?
@inotherwords_c re:headaches my wife is in the same situation and has finally decided to go with meds because its just too much
ipod touch: worth the money? because i'm thinking of buying one. my ipod is dead since this morning
@keheliya Forget completely abt uploading the assignemtn.   Only remmebered cos of ur twit.
My wiki project is going to have to wait another month  But manager thinks I need loads of time to prepare + has halved my workload
just found out i wont know my uni results for this year until 17th july at the earliest!!!! hate the wait
Wishes I was going to the pxy summer jam@FuschiaFoot i didn't hit the right button or what. i wrote on the sheat thois starving &amp; has a chem quiz due at noon
wanted to go to white sands today. forecast says there will be thunderstorms...
@iamepiclyamazin but...he's..mine  you told me a couple of weeks ago that you didn't find any other guys hot apart from the ones you...
computer.. please stop being so loud so i can do my work
last night's paper writing session=still not done. I need to prioritize better.
@HeathersNotBSC No.  I was thinking just before how much I miss my T-Dub.
is so sick of myself + my life  i'm never going to be as good i want + need to be. xoxoxo &lt;/3
@thomasphantom don't have one yet  but hopefully I'll be ponying up for one soon because this 15&quot; is definitely hitting a wall
I'm a fat and sad puffyn now
@MCRmuffin i couldn't be there for her last night cause i fell asleep like a retard.  agh.
Sore throat. This is not good. I have four performances this weekend.
Oh hellGarden going well@bdule the installer is crashing towards the end of the installation
@jenisus aww  I have to go to class on that day... So imma do some weird half day thing just cause I wanna see what it's about
My back is killing me...  It won't keep me from dropping it low...hope I got someone to pick it back up tho... LOL
Attending Matthew's Senior Day for recognition and I'm so not ready for this.
My ancient iPod is nearing death
Searching for Dr. Scholl's sandal inserts for men. It seems they only make them for women
@craigeryowens I work at a movie theatre in Toledo and I'd let you come see it for free. But it's not in 3D
I only have 2
@fuzzydave at YVR.... Fog delay is in SFO so we can't leave yet
@fosforo  shame on me!!!
@Emz2009 so sad emma  u sad to be leaving the show? xx
Forgot to set the alarm for a 6am ride  Hope I can get in a few easy miles after work.  Tomorrow: racin' the Gap!
@lkenner i ask myself that all the time.
@mlbliss   Let us know what happens@NateZim well we aren't normal then because 1. we can't drive in mexico (you have to be 18) and 2. there are no dairy queens here
Waiting waiting waiting very difficult for an impatient lass like me...
Feeling down again. Today is way too stressful.
thoughts out to Vicki (MOM) who just hit a deer in her Stage 3 Roush
Is stranded at home. home in Sg Long.
I saw the best 1980s back combed poofy bangs this morning on a 30yo... 8 in high. By the time I turned around she was gone... no picture
I should probally bring a box of kleenex to schoool todaybf moves to the city tomorrow. Currently he lives down the st.  Sadness.  He will be far away  (not TOO far@LATINQUEEN83 They ended up staying late  But how was ur night?? LOL
wating for the next metal gear
I cut my thumb on a broken coffee pot.
Oh'm working on a logo on photoshop &amp; it didn't work out..  hehe.. try again lah..
don't want to go to work tonight
yeha i broke their page... damit... im trying to fix it how... hope you dont bank with communityfirstandtrust
just when i thought things couldn't get any worse. it just did. and it will get even worse tonight@lstcinthabldg im good! im on my laptop using and external internet plug. i need to send it away to be fixed
@My2Cynts kittens are cute then they grow up n become CATS
Told Verizon not to send anyone before 11. He showed up at 10. Gotta deal with this bullshit nowOh no adult school again
@JonathanRKnight Sorry to hear ur flight got cancelled  that blows!!!
I'm currently feeling the wrath of too much alcohol consumption
@kasperapd I tried registering on the website. No goCan't understand why I'm not getting any response
@BleedingSweat I saw this linki'm not feeling twitter at the moment
@dreski757 nah I don't finish til next yearrrr!!!   are u stayin in the bad news after graduation?
@allyeatscat ya she prob does but i dont want to no about it
Chem final right now. Awwh mrs. Oli! Imma miss you!
@Caius the gloss screen on my macbook would probably rule me out
@Peter_Duerden JealousMUCH..I want to be outttt  Not stuck in revising. You better have green dragon in my honour lol
@TeeJay882 heyyyyyyyy no love for me no more !?
i seriously neeed to study
funeral at 2.  today is going to be bad.
on my way to school of my last friday of high school ever!  and i don't even get to see holly Gabbie and hannah
It's tough being a thick chik
i suppose i best get ready for work  grrr
So disappointed about the talent lineup for &quot;Revent�n Super Estrella 2009&quot;...hmm...Have the feeling I won't get tix this time around.
@moriagerard Won't really get a break till custody issue is settled and I've moved... another month or so@SarfaBarfa My friend Cliff has the tix@cccaaasss what's wrong?
My hair looks really bad  First thing I'm doing is washing it when I get home.
its sad that the rats are becoming aggressive against the guinea pigs. I have to seperate them.
My knee fucking hurts man  Haylee doesn't even caregot 34/40 for exam 1... percentage doesnt look good.
ive made a terrible mistake   i need an auto save function for everything i do !
Still unbelievably shocked about the firing of THE best radio personalityno please!
At work I don't like today its nasty outside  can't wait to get home today and clean my house!
@hotelqueen hmm...your blog won't let me post a comment.
@BLEXXED shit i got a shit of hw to do 2nite
hair@stinegirl2 thats a bad start to the day!
@seansmithsucks i would be looking forward to seeing you tonight if i was going
Freaking out a bit..crossing my fingers that things will work out ok
I miss my boys
@LatinAngel9393 that is so sad. wish I can do something big for the kids. may God Bless the kids always.
@tommcfly I'm depressed ! I want to know you and kiss you all
@trayzz ... I think I'm gonna fail aswel!
@chezmax butbutbut... it has a qwerty keyboard... how can something with a qwerty keyboard go without a nethack port!?
@theboycharlie ooooo sooooo wanna swap my day is well boring revising for looming uni exams
I reallyI think i'm broke again.  :\
I miss my water cuz my well went dry
@grayguitar @andrewconnell I'm starting to feel depressed with this hurricane talk... I'm on the front lines down here!
Have to walk to schoolHead is pounding.  Well not really poundingIt's beautiful outside. The sun is shiningmet the shortest line ever at FCB Tunapuna... then the tellers disappeared
Dang I just realized how bad my eyes have gotten
urgh there's a power cut!!
@runaholickassy i spent the whole day shopping with Aiza.  i don't really like shopping.  still@ejhildreth I keep trying to invite @ShannonMorgan outsitting in the parking lot-by myself  i miss you baby. couple min til i gotta deal with a bitch. then i'm peacin' out and hitting the gym
Nightmares last night so bad I slept curled tightly in a ball. Sore all over. Took three aspirin. Still hurts.
the #liesgirlstell and #liesboystell threads show how women and men alike are screwed up and struggle to have real@JSMSoftware IronPython + Windows Mobile is a no-go. Compact Framework doesn't support Reflection.Emit.
#flylady Oh deary me: 15 mins not enough to rescue kitchen  I shall come back to it later so I can mow the lawn while still cool outside
@LayDown28 man I don't know... they been there a few months and he actually almost cries when he is speakin back to her. Sad
@foxy1982 Yeahit doesn't feel like a friday
On my way to work wish I had more days off
Thinks that my friends lifes go around with what they boyfriends do and then they have not time for us girls
@StartSwimming: I'll be in Heerlen on Sunday but you won't be thereBack to Tokyo tomorrow. Expecting some rain and no sunshine
@kngibbard03 NOOOO!!!!! I'm so sorry
@ RyanSeacrest : hi there might be a problem as it says no stream onlineI miss them..
@PotterEntourage I'm glad you threw the tantrum!  I was going to@IZEAinc So sad...found otu about your boot camp too late.   Oh well@Policani The Northern Clemency.  But I don't recommend it.  Too much description and not enough action. Too slow
@jaynenorthover oh and yes (Y) metros&quot;No offense@exton won't anyone give poor ernie reyes jr a break?
needs my mommy  http://plurk.com/p/x116r
@gina_pina_14  Not good!!He wouldnt like his girl flirting with his colleaguesis upsetDimples was in the preview... are they not on today?  It hasn't aired here yet... via http://twib.es/CPF
PIRATE VOICE:AAARRRGGGHHH!!! I 4GOT MY DAMN WALLET AT WORK SHERMK!!! DAMMIT!!! SO CLOSE YET SO FAR!!! NOW IM STARVING!!!
@aka55 Hope you mom is okay
@SeanHughes it is  tequila never ends up being a good decision.
@xXScarletBXx I think that may look a little silly -.- Also my camera is broken so no photo
@hillaryohara because I couldn't get the money to mikey in time.  trust me. It makes me sad too.
doesntfeelwell
Sitting at my kids school listening to moms discuss their daughters becoming women. I feel unsafe.
Sweat is just not cute.  Unfortunately I haven't figured out how to work out without sweating. BOO.
Im starting to rethink my &quot;I cant stand cold places&quot; stance..this heatBack to work!
@zwaloo I've tried that already...
being upset
@PortlandUK  Hope you don't get let down again.
@lindseygbaker yeah ill be on verizon... so those are my two options right now...
Found out I have to go to the US again in August. Getting tired of transatlantic flights. Not good for my carbon footprint either
Gonna go get my teeth taken out.
@wolverine66 didn't get them
I am tres depressed
.. so I can only recover 10 photos
I can't find @HRHBrianthecat  hope he didn't get eaten by anything last night...he jumped off the deck   he just wont stay in safe *sigh*
Yay for having a giant headache  stupid glasses.
waking nowWhat's with the mass exodus from work at half three?  It makes me sad
Enjoyed last night at what I call &quot;real world social networking&quot; -  LOK event in Vancouver.  It was great!.  But headeache today
@Boy_Kill_Boy oh sorry! not getting all my replies  nothing against you. and yes@rogiertje just checked my account I also paid twice
i think 90% of the irish population of manchester have come to my house today yet none of them are the 1 person i want to see
My Street Fighter IV skills are lackingis at home with a pukey boy! Poor little baby
@Jakeshears poor pooch...
Poor DS is in bed with 100.8 fever - he won't be able to walk in Relay for Life tonight - feel so bad for him@jerseybites I get bit by ticks all the time  I eat a ton of garlic in the summer to keep them and mosquitoes away! boo &gt;:O
I've burnt my collerbone and arms and face! aww!
@JonathanRKnight Poor Jon@danielrhodes I worked on the precursor to bing at msft. They canned our project
worst@antiheroine That sucks
@crazydaisyfire Well thats even worse cuz when it gets hurt everyone is in paintrying to learn how to speak french !  can't even remember a single word!
TODAY FRIDAY: I really hope you will read my messages here and reply to me soon. I could not reach you by phone before you go to work.
@afrolicious Chile@SoundBwoyFast Gloomy as ever. I wanted to hit the beach too.  might as well get like you and handle my errands too lol
FML@autotunethenews i think there's something wrong with the video@illmindPRODUCER careful the cops dont mistake you and your kids for criminals - i hear there is some indiscrimate shooting going on
@AshMarie214 they tried to take me 2 jail sissy  apparently i have a warrant in agg town (yeah shocked the hell outta me 2)lmao yeah right
Happy Friday! I just realized I left my cell phone at home today though
@AnotherJulia Wish I'd had the balls@ahhchieee haha. I know. And then I need a new car too. Oh ps I got a speeding ticket.
@release30  Enjoy...wish I was there! Nice day in Springfield today..however I have my end of month expense report to do
i'm really tired today!!
@johannabee Ohnot enjoying this coldFinding it hard to stay productive now the sun is coming through my side of the building
I tell him today! :S it's his last day
@lofigirl who what?  call me
working from home and ran out of coffee!
@PotterEntourage I hope your mom is ok?
such a failure@natdcook NAT!!! I'm going to miss you so badly
@TomFelton Oh how cool!!!Feeling very undervalued and neglected. Not even the sunshine is pulling me out this lul.
Hi there all! Can't stay to long have to go to work soon
my Chrissy is sick w/ a spring cold   Tissues stuck up his nose last night looked so pathetic.  Feel better soon baby...
is going to our cabin soon
The iPod is gonna die and gymnastics isn't over  boo
@BrittyBoo_20 I hope he does it soonslaving away at work
@TALENTEDGENIU5 and that prob wont happen....
on my way to work! working sucks big time
is just waking up.. not very impressed with my sleep or my dreams. today is going to be a sucky daySo i sprained my ankle yesterday and it hurts worse today
@nanpalmero - can't get the live chat
@LittleLee  oh well.@daveharte ... and now I wish I hadn't
@sole_investor  how....no phone
Friday is the new Thursday
@JonathanRKnight i wish i  would in california.....i m so sad
is sad she got her plans cancled
is SO frustrated!!! I'm stuck at home without any transportation to the global god conference!!! Ahh
Worried about friend
Woke up early! Still sick
@GregDigneo: Your mail server just rejected a simpleOk this is a lot more boring then I thought  and matt has me on lockdown bc of moolah...
Scienceit's 8a and i'm already dressed  but we're on set today so let the real fun begin!!! lights! camera! action!
iProcrastinate: This is by far my #1 character flaw. Gotta session at 11 and I don't want to emerge from my covers.
I wish I was in dallas with the kiddnation family
Going To the dentist
I'm scared to set the pw on my BB bc I might forget it &amp; end up losing all my data. But yet I have financial info on it. Catch 22
@8short_stack8 mady were did u go?  truck did u run away?
@akomuzikera HAHAHAHAHAH I thought I was following you already..I don't know what happened. sorry ha?
@maya_banks &quot;Something must be wrong. Only found 17 July Harl/Sil books I wanted
@BrittanyHauff Jz local movie here. The title's virgin 2 :p actually i feel not so good. So tired n dizzy
sitting thinking how warm it is and wishing it wasnt so! Has so many things to sort out its driving me bonkers
i hate my life big time its sooo poop gode i ould cry
Charley horses in both legs all night. What the fuck?
sinus congestion is making thinking straight difficult
damn! got caught eating my Cadbury Temptations by the brother. Last 6 pieces gone  will get Bournville next time. u have to earn it!
@tarynantoniou where are you going tonight?!
Going to meet the new family I'm babysitting for... Wish I was still sleeeeping
@vladalexa I have a Palm now. I would like an HTC HDGrrris abit happier at the thought that Ashleigh &amp; Loocie with be here soonishI am never going to get these pictures taken
Just had another Army-provided root canal. Not fun. I'm starving and craving lunch at Paloma Blanca. That's a long way from here.
totally overstressed ... going to work now ... just want the college work to go away ... i don't wanna fail
I've got a headache
@SuFiSammy praying you get better soon you sweet one AhhMy sunburn is peelingIt's sooo hot 2day!! Put a ton of sunblock on before jogging; still think my face burnt though!
Ahhhh I think the rain is gonna begin shortly
Wants somebody to cheer her up
I guess you didn't hear the grumbles when kindle came out with no cover. My purse +eink screen = shortcut to broken screen  @COOLERebook
'Wake Up Darling'
@runsforcupcakes that sounds yummy.  Does it take quite a few almonds to get the amount you need?  Nuts are expensive.
Really nervous about my animal rights presentation next period
Fritz Roderick Von Hughes is sad to be in the kennel all day  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6882699
Still sick at home
Went to bed at 12:20 last night. Woke up around 10:45. Holy crap.  I need to get up EARLIER. Like 8. Wish I could get up at 6 every day.
I can't believe tour is almost over
@CajoleJuice Likewise. But I don't know anyone who uses gtalk and the likes so I'm not holding much hope
@actionscripter I tried to translate your tweet using google translation serviceReading and taking notes but undertanding none of it  ... HELP!
real stressed
My twitterberry wont work on my friends and me
@maltpress sorry - didnt mean to   hope you can think positivly about being 80 and looking back on 30!
@tinytim2701 kindaMy throat hurts so bad that i dont even want to swallow my own spit.       And i officially cant talk now....
@PMSexgeek ugh something is wrong@DrRonVonDoom i couldn't fucking sleep today either. it was hard for me to stay asleep for some reason
@_Janet_ ouchis thinking today will be a longg day!
14 pages left to read@blankdeluxe  no i havent got mine yet@yerex i want to adopt him
Sooo tell me how I lost followerzzz
@ispeed72 Could've said hi. We're off down south tho
my tummy hurts  i blame last night's chinese food.
@DsBabyGirl I know. I want it to come bec I'm excited@RyanSeacrest Im feeling sad@RiceBunny cause my eyelids are not deep set.  thanks it would help me a lot.
@scorpio1641 I have no idea  I'm watching Rafa too. Running to the comp ever to often to check live score. he's 3-2 down in the third.
@Keitakeita girl you stay inviting me but not doing a follow-up hahaha... no phone call to check up on me
@ELIZABETHANNN I'm sorryyyyyy  I'll be home as fast as possible where we meeting at?
GM TWITS! Headed to the BX to clean up the new Apartment! But kinda sad cuz I dreamed about him last night
@happylovesChuck I know. But the second problem being: he doesn't REALLY exist still applies. Shame
@yeahgiancarlo Can't  No money to spend.
moving today.... sad day
I need some plugs. for real. my ears want to stretch. and I have no money
thinking about having lunch soon@energeticspace If I can run by thennyc placements have started to come outneed to go to work soonish but i really dont want to  also trying to save money... life is fab (not)
Moving office tomorrow after 3 years at this onemy lord! this day is going to slow
stayn @ home from school. sick. doc says I have bronchitis
Going to see Star Trek (again) tomorrow night but this time in full IMAX glory!  I hope my motion sickness doesn't get the better of me!
Am hating my life at the moment. There's only so many NOs my delicate little mind can take
NEEDS an external hard drive. I don't have enough money   &lt; I don't wanna give up my music! &gt;
@krissylin you're a busy Bobgreat. my mom is pissed at me@ceichstaedt I guess it'll work under fusion. Otherwise you'll have to boot directly to Vista just to do some online bankingI'm going to miss my iMac so much over the next month.
@drford not too good  how are you feeling today?
I am never going in to town on a sunny friday in half term again. eugh got no electricity
@suziperry @AnnaPhylaxis Oh no matey@ian_watkins Oh my gosh ian i always miss you when your on
@Blue_Rose *hugs* thanks. I don't know how I'm going to fix this if I'm ever going to get my account back.
@tigerlilyleo lots and lots of red wine...knowing good and well how it has managed to make me sick a few times before
figuring out wats wrong with her she can drink but cant eat  ...
Sephora is having a 75% off sale. And I'm so broke  Life isn't fair.
ughhhhhhhhhhhh  :/
@singlemom75 that's the probWaiting patiently to go out tonight....al by my lonesome
ok@Lealala i no its so warm isnt it!! :O My arms are sore  Bad times. My face is a little red too :S
Good mornin &amp; no u tol twitter LOL but I knew &amp; called u yesterday 2 see if u were okay but no answer  how r u feelin babe?
'ss back to the gym project. Finally finished ... Damn filthy hobo's always trying to eat my taco's.  !!   &lt;/3
@Eyglo That's beautiful! Thanks for sharing... My grandpa was recently diagnosed with Alzheimers too....
nomatter how much i sleep am still tired  either going to sleep early or late....
oh when will #gfail end? been on HTML version all day
I really need to lose weight. Anybody wanna be my exercise-buddy?
Where is Teng?
@iamchrisc pleeease reply !
@workingmoms thanks he got hurt Wednesday and going to vets today
@herseyd That happened to me once... only I wasn't drunk. lol
@the_magician Yes@DonnaSpeaks I dont know  I didnt even realize it was gone  let me put it up again...darn twitter!
Wanna know a not fun way to wake up? Having a panic attack and not being able to breath for no fucking reasonUp. Showered. Struggling for the drive to get out the door. I'm gloomy. I miss my sway.
ConGrats to all Graduates! Such a Beautiful thing &amp; Big Deal! I wish i cudve attended my lil man Ryan Kdg Graduation..  Feel verY Sad!
Well can ya please send some luvin to @JonathanrKnight   im sensing deep fiery anger surrounding his presence right now...
is surprised Lleyton isnt putting up much of a fight
got fever and is now half-dead.
Can't play World in Conflict because the computer is running too slow
http://twitpic.com/66o7z - Yep. Drank Bawls this morning  ... No more Bawls for me. This will be my last.
It's a bad start to the day when you're sweating your butt off before 0930 at the range
@LushLtd why can't i buy the new night in for toes? i see it@alshepmh yeeeeeessss I can't wait! Too bad I can't drink
off to work! missing out on all the sunshine!
#ff sports: @BaseballFanNat @BKCyclones @blind_baseball @ESPNBaseball sorry for not getting around to everyone my phone is acting up
Another day I haven't got time to play plus it's raining and chilly And also have a headache - WTH? . . going back to sulking mode.
I'm so pissed off today n sadly.. Can't even share the reason here
Well it's friday and usually the start of something awsome...I'm not sure if that'll be this time around  I gotta shake this
Fuck. My arms feel like really sore jell-o
@littlereview Awww!!
why does the beach have to be so far away from atl??    need beach@jasonrockz352 aw man im sorry! I have logical reasoning I promise! I had to study in order to tutor my new student! 4give me
I missed you yesterdayoff to work again ... mercedez's last day
To eat or not to eat? Its gonna be my last meal for the next 2 weeks.
Just got past really bad crash.........car was mangled
oh no somebody hacked into my email  i'm scared now. what the fuck!!
@LuvinMeSomeD Yep@ani_trip I bet he didn't fall asleep till like this morning  sorries.
@EricaJo42 yeah but there are like 5Had to come indon't think that went well@DonnieWahlberg Hi Donnie today i want 2 hear from u that u guys r going to reschedule NC so i dont have 2 b bummed anymore
@geekasia I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
well dnt really knw wot to do stay wit some 1 who doesnt want 2 b wiv me or move home to rents after 4yr of bein away
@SaylaMarz Looks like we're on the exact same track  Nothing worse than not being able to fix things for someone you love.
@lindseylu My club card and picture and I just cured world hunger! And made of gold! This thing is awesome! Too bad you don't have yours.
@pennydog Yucky!  Time to bring out the vaccuum and go to War. Our house is always a spider haven for some reason. Not cool.
I'm trying to figure out how on earth I am supposed to be able to update my statuses via my phone. Someone help meeee!
It's official nobody is getting a raise this year
Been 2 years and m still devistated that they knocked down my old primary school
@nokiko OhToday is my last day of employment for the next 3.4 years. Here I come graduate school!  Going to miss the action at www.shugartbates.com
E3 2009 will be the first time I will not get to see G4TV's E3 coverage since Comcast moved the  G4 channel from basic cable to premium
The lab informs me the logic board is dead as well. It is farking expensive to replace. I don't know what to do.  #MyPowerBookG4RIP
@ryking I never know whether they include me. Just straight white menBack to work.  Extremely slow now that start up's over.
@laurenmichell Scary!
One downside of the nice weather: It brings of the chavs...
NEED SUMTHING FOR THIS EXCRUCIATING HEADACHE
My mother is taking Gambit to the vet today. I hope it's nothing too serious.
@NmcDee Haha ....I Cudnt Get Tickets For Dublin ..I Was soo Upset
@tommcfly Tom! Do a tour in the Philippinesis hoping that she left her bb at home and didn't lose it on the Metro
oh kasaThe reason why I can't find the latest Arena magazine is because it has folded due to the recession. Grrrrr. GQ/FHM survive? No justice.
My sisters in laws houseWOW i just drank a drink of water - 12 ice cubes that took ages to melt. i now have brian freeze
@jdawg Still waiting for a email  from MAX. So i consider no newsMissing my mom today. We made it a &quot;date&quot; every year to get our flowers together. This yr I was alone. Felt so weird
@Bing11 YesMy back hurts
@Malcmail I wasn't given an exact datecan't feel my tail bone.
@alpew Good luck.. I have still to get wireless working post IT6
@SidViciious You must be doing different poetry to me. All we get is Catullus@Mandelin Omg i'm on a one year work permit! Going home end of June...i'm really gna miss it   #canada
there are many jobs I aspire toSo tired and I don't know why
Kidney Stones again  What did I ever do to deserve this kind of pain@nkotblorib Nothing definite yet..and the show is in a week   I may just be resorted to giving them away
@LadyLogan I thought u were down here so I came down and u were mom said no RJ took them
maaaaan! I spent an hour on a project for work@AgingBackwards I use to own a 32 lbs tabby cat. Got him for North Shore Animal league he had diabetes
I'm looking forward to going home tomorrowHey #rda2009cla presentation was too large to post!  sorry   (From rules to entities: cataloguing with RDA live &gt; http://ustre.am/2j3l)
TGIF. I don't feel good.
@reflective aww... sorry for both of you.  May the LORD give you strength and rest today!
@MarceloN rlly dead?  Descanse em paz... #luto #sad #RIP
painting my nails green in an attempt to look like an army person. annoyed that everyone seems to tan apart from me! freckles and sunburn
Trying to revise Environmental Studies and write my personal statement at the same time is really hard!!
This is very bad news...  BTW@marvelvscapcom I entered it in within 20 seconds of post and still didn't get it
@ATTNews Still no Internet today
super hungry... Dominos or martabak... both tempting and fattening
@Smilystace i am so sorry
Up early for class. ((Blahh))-------&gt; Hang Over kiddies
@MattyV AND! you wouldnt even be able to go. its too far for you
@SolarAvada - DAMN. LOL ON FRIDAY.? ITS NOW SATURDAY HERE LOL. IM IN AUSTRALIA
About to get my wisdom teeth pulled!
Woke up and felt a sharp pain in the back of my leg. No school for me today
@_kotenok !!  ... maybe they took one look at you and said &quot;That's our girl!&quot;
Taking a load of old broken concrete to the landfill. Tried to find a recycler
Sitting at the Connection listening to the employees reminisce and mope about their last shift
misses driving already
i really miss you @STYLEnista i wish you were down here
I'm very conflicted here.  I really like Mike but I still have feelings for Darrin.  It's really complicated.  I don't know what to do.
I'm really tired today - I must have slept very badly... I'm glad it's an &quot;off&quot; Fridayis afraid she caught that thing going around... I feel utterly drained and it's only 10 am!
@jdcritte Though it was a cold that would go awayI gotta do my assignments tomorrow  OMG mackillop has swine
@anitapsays what happened?  are you suffering from neck/shoulder/back pain like me?  i can't move either
@htoddcarter @CatholicMeme http://tinyurl.com/mdr7b4 I just noticed that too
@leilaanasazi: I'm sure lots of that studio equipment was collected analog stuff that can't be bought anymore.    seriouslybye LA... I already miss you
i wanna watch PCD concert dad
What a drearyi am very very tired
@fortrel The newest versions are not any better
@Petiethecat None of Meowmie's friends have moneyGah the sunlight is so bright today it's giving me a headache  Resorted to wearing new sunglasses
10 25 Am Still waiting on the doc to come and break my water.
i want to borrow an MX5 this weekend
just been in the garden but i was being attacked by bugs so i came inside
I know that just sounded really stupid.  having 2 jobs sucks. I don't like feeling like this. I feel bitter and angry. What am I? 70??
Eatting all these candies I bought from little mexico last night... Charged my ass .50 for swipping my card and it all taste like shampoo
You know you're too old to party like a rockstar when....you realize no one else claps when they dance. It's just you
@sk8n_bree say hi to the otters! They are my favorite- besides the fact they are slowly killing themselves with each shell they open.
sorry guys i didn't sign in for a while  sorry every1
Horrid dream. I suspect I will have to cancel my plans tonight...
@SquishT77 So sorry to hear about your mum.
my online portfolio is down  great...esp when jobs are trying to look at it
@Jaisaphira I agreeThe one day I do my hair4 hours of sleep@clairmc my riding time has been dismal too during these rainy weeks.  haven't been able to make myself to go to the gym instead.
@ekalavyab dammit i had the passes but i am still at work
Going to the doctors now. Scared as shit.
My body hurt  I need a rub down like NOW!
@chantelnicole I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
@countingcrows i'm totally gutted@electricdog 140 charactersMy throat hurts
@EAZY_ERON Effy breaks my heart.
@thinkgeek Awhttp://pinkpawsforlife.org/ - pets get cancer too.
&quot;Isn't she lovely? Isn't she beautiful?&quot; Sorry StevieBraxton was up at 2:30 untill 4am and now he won't sleep more than 15 minutes at a time! It's hard to be a mom on days like this!
Sitting @ home sick.... wish this cold wuld go away.... start skool mon!!! yay!!!! not so much
trying to get into the groove of studying  heeelllppppp meeeeeeee
@infinitus_ When they don't pop well. I feel lousier after playing those.
ahh everyone's out today taking in the sunny weather except me  might go and watch some tv...
got back from walking to school gotta go back around one or two that heat almost gave me a stroke
you know you're working to late when you hear about the sun setting via twitter
starting phase 1 of operation &quot;be productive&quot;- pack clothes. can't find pink tank top!! oh no!!!
@Youngbanks206 did you already get your update? I havent yet
@cazp09  lol y? is it really gross??  i'm HUNGRY and theres nothin to have
@uncomplex not sure I can make it afterall
i had my chance and blew itkids out for summer/ pool has been taken over/ no more tanning girls  #haiku #yayschoolisout #sarcasm
My sister got a lunch date and I don't
Sitting at my desk wishing things were different
is wondering why no one else is following it....  C'mon people!
@CaityKaboom so sad i have to pay $60
Not feeling comfortable with myself today
@eogasawa you looked great for being sick yesterday! i'm sorry I didn't really make an effort to say hi...  I was preoccupied for a while
I HAVE A HEADACHE
is sooo confused these days   But glad to be back from Lillestr�m
Of all things good and awesome about shooting destination weddings@dnbauman hahah yeahmy car is in at the garage &amp; is not coming out anytime soon! last time I heard the gearbox was the problemOn hold with unemploymentI�m Backok nevermind. photo was set to private. sorry.
@ilovesarai i think i am going to do lennys.. i dont know! ahh! lol i hate making decsions!
TGIF! What a morning! It's been non-stop &amp; I need coffee. Stayed up late last night trying to get todays work done. Didn't work
@deedz I totally agree. I just don't like it when everybody closes the windows in buses@Rukkie    What To Say?
@NancyEDunne oh Nancy - so sorry for your loss  &amp; wishing you the best!
Slept at my parents the bed was hard as a rock now my back feels like a rock
@deadra I could have bought a Vespa with the amount of money I just spent
industrial tommorow! oh yeah &amp; I get to go see a bunch of old people go away forever &amp; I will probably cry all over the place.
I always feel like I'm betraying her trust in me when I drop the pup off at the groomer.
thinkin &amp; tryin 2 figure out lifes tricks
omg i was so nervous last block. i had my speech and i almost puked. it was horrible.... i bet i got a bad grade on it....
I want Guitar Hero:World Tour SOO bad.
just realized i gained 40 pounds in the last year  http://bit.ly/wCr3a
I'm really bored! My brother went to get his permit! Stay off the roads! Jk lol! It feels like all my friends have abandoned me! Except 1
@drewryanscott I would be there... But I live across the country
so hot in the office as air con been broken for weekswait a sec. there are only 8 more days left of hotdogging?  ....i did not sign up for this...
gettn ready to take a trip to Jersey my dad's not doing so goodive got a headache now
Today seems like it should be a good day! Even though my fuel pump is going out on my car  *~xoxo~*
i didn't wake up early enough to go roller blading  contrary to a tributaryNot feeling too good at ALL@MINDY979  I wish I knew..  Trying to figure something out here too
I think I'm running a fever and not feeling so well!
I'm extremely hungry.... and the only thing I have in my house is Soup...  I don't like soup... *pouts*
Mouth hurts
@megshine: have fun focus grouping! i have no participants as of yet..
@allureonfire I'm lookin @ the news and its not gonna b warm enough for the beach
.@jkmodels I missed your party...you must forgive me pleassseIts payday! Yay! For all the good it does. Bills bills bills....I'm broke again already
So tired. Work today.
oki have high cholesterol
Headed to verizon. Praying that pinkberry is going to make it.
Back to the salt mine for my one day work week. So much to do.
I have to pee (fucking coffee)  sooo long until break time. 77 more letters...what to writeLOL! That bank told me the time.
@The_Vegetable me 2
@hollsh I want to come over
I'm nauseous  I need a yogurt or something..
I now know more than I ever wanted to know about the extinction of frogs
I wanna leave after 2nd period *cryy*
Really nice outside...I'm stuck at work
Gardening stuff I ordered got returned to sender because it was damage  need to work out how to get to a garden centre.
@chrisrcook Since the demise of Woolworths it isn't easy to find reasonably priced pick n mix anywhere
thinks lamb chops would be really nice right about now... or maybe some sushi  mmm.. maybe just an ice lolly cos its so damn hot!!!
@DanKalbacher It won't EVER happen again...I feel like I let my team down
@KarenEJones -dont know if u herd but queensland is havin it bad they have floods and in this weather@geskoi Sorry to hear.
Was meant to go play cricket but can't get a lift so I'm now stuck at home watching the Apprentice on a lovely day  http://ff.im/-3niD8
My car died this morning.  On top of everything that happened yesterday.  Whoever put the hex on me please let me know what I did wrong?
@freosan My dad had to bury ours six weeks ago. She became his after I left for college fourteen years ago. Long time to have a kitty.
Gonna go and see my sister at Mount Sinai ....  she's there for at least another 24 hours.
Well@felipemercado are you still angry with me?
@seth_cohen I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
the plan to not spend money is not going well
@tommcfly We're running out of things to tweet to you.  Wish we could get your reply! Come to the Philippines?  TWEEET!
@JackieTheGreat first of all i love your picturei feel like crap right now and i have one more month of school left  FML HARD
Dangling belly rings are a bad investment...the cutest ones ALWAYS pop
@143presents What time you close today? Is it the last day today or tmr? I may shed a tear
@HeadHardHat  Sorry to read about your layoff.  I'll keep you in my thoughts.
@snipeyhead the there's confuse me
@_supernatural_ http://twitpic.com/66l83 - I really miss her.
would rather be with the bride doing last minute wedding stuff instead of being stuck behind a desk until 5.  Someday...
Sometimes it hurts that pets cant talk back to us. What if they are in pain. How would they tell us.
@ameeface  What's wrong with her?
i got hurt helping my grandad cut the hedge.  &amp; i swear i have spiders all over me D: erugh xx
my apple-mouse doesn't work on my shiny red coffee table...
Learned a lesson the hard way. Lost my USB stick and backup was a month old
it's almost june and i'm bundled up because of this nasty ass weather! i just want to lay in the sun on the patio near the roses
@HubUK wow thats impressive! luckily im not in rush but i feel for friends who aren't getting any younger but cant move house  tricky
@tommcfly My eyes are starting to hurt. So late. But must reach 200 updates due to tweets sent to youuuu! Philippines tourMY CAR IS ALMOST DEFINATELY GOING TO BE WRITTEN OFF! THE GARAGE RANG AND SAID THE WORK WILL COST 3K AND ITS UP TO THE INSURANCE CO
@JaredDouglas i'm still awakeSitting at work@natdcook hey you@kevinwilliams yeah I guess so  it makes me very sad though becase the disc is scratched!
got woken up early AGAIN  I kinda wana just chill today but there's so much to do!
has toothache
Feeling sick at stomach today
I woke up this morning thinking it is Saturday
@KMON3Y LOL well these girls didnt!!! And my girl made me tip the lady and she put her boobies in my face
i am Marina and i sware to God i'll never again end up studying French till 2 o'clock at night EVER AGAIN...too much drama...sooo sleepy
@JackieKessler  sad face.
5 hours to go and no football again for me
i need some serious cheering up
@KingsOfLeon_Grl very excitedsad day*Lakers please make me happy with a W
No schoolI need a bigger mp3 player... even if it pains me to say it
@humbug83 Aaaaw no!  Are the windows open and that?
@vegangirlzrock I finally figured it out! I felt bad canc. group but  just wanted to take meds and do nothing. Back still hurts  .
is super stressed!
is sad to go to work cuz it's TermiNeda's last day...and little monkey's last day too
Rickroll'd by iTunes on shuffle
My student just walked in balling.  She just witnessed her dog getting hit on the street.  I don't know what to do to cheer her up.
missing him so much. why does he have to work  can't he just spend time with me and get paid for that lol
waiting for minamii just want my car back.
@MelanieDawn Forgot about the traffic  Heading to Foxford in Mayo and the lovely Pontoon tomorrow
Woke up.. Walked out of my roomAnd I wanted us to leave at 12:45 to do a 1 p.m. showing (staff retreat mini)
Turned my alarm off this morning because I thought it was Saturday. Had to rush to get ready for work because its def not Saturday   #FAIL
My puppys not feeling so good today
Has anyone else woken up one day and felt like they acquired near sightedness over night?  Everything is blurry all of a sudden.
@MargaretEnright YES!! I made the sign when i noticed it missing on Sunday! So farthat just sucks!
is it normal for a masseusse to fully massage your buttocks? I swear she was a quarter inch from a medical exam..
@athoob the lens was 70mm  I couldn't
Got an appt. w/ the doctor at 4pm today to look at these &quot;bites&quot;. Hoping it isn't an infection. I need more powerful anti-itch cream.
Didn't sleep good last night. Woke up with another bellyache  what's wrong with meeeeeee.
OuchNo theatre next year  stupid schedules!
@MaXXXimumMyra I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
My shirt is a fuzz magnet today and I feel totally uncomfortable
Art History Quiz...  I didn't study
@CharPower  I gave up cable in these tough economic times.  it was either cable or shoes@ameliapontes getting there sat afternoon I think. No costume yet  womp wompppppp
@Petrolhead159 Unfortunately I didn't see any of that spreading of poo
Woowhy are matters of the heart so complicated?
Words can barely describe how shitty I feel this morning. Work@elizabite  I'm so sorry.  I don't understand why some people expect everyone to react to these things with the same &quot;poise&quot; as themselves
@carolkoh Sorry to hear that Carol.
@CheeHsien IT WAS JAM ALL OVER THE ISLAND! Till I'm havin migraine now!
I've gotten a cold every time I've flown somewhere 6+ hrs away in the past year.  Hope to be back in the pool/on the bike next week.
@craftyasparagus And.. it's raining here
@EFCuttin so where r u spinning now that the Hookah is R.I.P.?
@socilover awww...busy day for you then! I have to get my Big Mac ass outta here...Work beckons  I'll talk to you later.
@gonepie thats what doting husbands are for LOL!!  I hope that once my braces go onHave a slight headache
@zzwhitejd did you decide it is a sprain? mine has been bothering me againstuck at home b/c my mom is sick and we haz not moniez
@crapsticks how do i make it better after being robbed of 1m.
@mikebugout Nooooo!  Working this weekend
one of my cat's is sick
I'm so disgusted that my assumptions regarding what happened in Harlem last night were 100% correct without reading the story first.
@AshyLBowz - OH FOA REAL.? I DIDNT REALLY KEEP UP WITH WHAT WAS GOING ON. TOO MANY DIFF STORYS N STUFF HEY.  WISH HE NEVA DID IT!
My poor wife.  I'm laid up for another 6 hours on doctors ordersdear @LincolnT a)stop snoring and b) move from the middle of the bedMoving makes me sore.  Dunno if we are gonna make it!   Its getting close!
now i am doing the MicroEconomics project  ihate this subject &amp; beside that i have the english ILETS exam tomorrowmy shoes hurt my feet
Loving the warm weather... but can we get some rain please?! my water bill is going to be bad
@linkdupont yeah  That was bad....
I hate having to put my toddler in a disposable..Get Over On His Mom &amp; Now I Feel Horrible@AraTheCoach. Really I look like a boy!!! I need someone to do my hair!
14 more days with slow internet
@tommcfly Will we be seeing McFly in the Philippines soon?
Tired with a headache  me no like sunshine
died again in KP  .. gonna upgrade some of my spells now first before heading back there... #eq2
YMI'm going to miss the seniors so much!  Don't goo!
Poor Nicole just absolutely DESTROYED her cell phone
I was on time three shifts in a row.  but I woke up at 840 and work's at 9. five minutes late@djknucklehead im listening to people saying eww at out current frog disection  poor froggy.
I REALLY  should have gone to the Chiropractor this week . . And today  my neck hurts so bad
.. these holidays are soo boring..
Is wondering if my ankle will ever stop hurting
I guess this is soul searching time for me since I'm home alone &amp; no one's talking to me
This really hurts. And this really sucks. I don't know what I can do to fix all thisI forgot to put on sunblock before getting in the car
@waynooooo I always hope they will die out but then i see the the old ones and it makes me sad
I didn't go to the gym today and I feel bad
i guessed my leg havent healed from the old injuries  but i can still run though and kick ball! haha. but will sometimes fell a sharp pain
PayPal hates me.  It refuses to let me verify my account.
has at least 30 bug bites on her legs
the commies at their finest: youtube and blogger are blocked in china. no updates from us while we are in china.  but GREAT WALL CONQUERED
@MGGubler Sounds painful   Sorry you got hurt.. And may I ask how this happen?
@frenchiep Hi frenchie *-* i'll do that...later  :p
@kdc well there go my peace corps prospects.
@Lipstick_kiss I can't find it on YouTube   only the concert versions....HELP!!!
Forgot how much i hate pizza delivery and manalapan and marlboro scum
I think I might like Twiterfon better than Tweetie now. Recent upgrades from Twiterfon have been great! None from Tweetie
@brookstuh am I not good enough
Michael Porter is haunting me again. Ugh. The five forces. But I don't remember the other 9 strategies for competitive advantage.
@Jonin60seconds tried to edit the page but couldn't add my name  can you pop me on the list please!
@kathypak  that's not good
@Jerome117 that and being so careless with her vocals.
Irritated that I can send emails but not receive them!
My head's THUMPING.
I hate Fallout 3 it keeps making me jump@ll217 its true...i can never be like @CDO_Bambu never
sad day... told my students this is my last year here... a lot of crying since..
Slovakian country side is a refreshing change compared to tarmac and cars@penbleth Don't leave forever! We'll miss you too much
I thought I was safe from the INJECTIONS todayAccording to @momsrising@badlady Think of the prize at the end. So sorry to hear that though.
Don't you just hate when you are craving something to eat and then you go get it and end up DISAPPOINTED? Ugh.....
@lauralalahh I'm so sorry!! I hope she's ok  xxx
I'm always a little sad to see followers I really likeARCHIE ANDREWS WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?! veronica?
Have hardly worked out in the last two weeks but am losing weight.  Fear I'm losing muscle!!  Just made doc. appt. for injured foot
I just saw a load of ambulances &amp; police cars &amp; a car smashed up with a roof lying in the road.  :&quot;(  that's 1 man dead 4 sure.    .
According to @momsrising@jimmiefisher i'm having a hard time using hulu  have u heard of anyone having problems that uses windows vista?
@inoverflow I need to cancel my appt for 1 have to be home from1-5 for washing machine repair man can I do on the am? So sorry
@JeanetteBern Sorry JJ i missed that post  I'll make sure do so next time.
half my class just called me retarded it hurt for real
Yay playing a show tonight! Boo it's gonna soggy and I'm at work right before playing
RIP Omar Edwards - Killed by friendly fire in NYC   http://bit.ly/jrM6v
i know im wrong .. just give me one more chance   sEnti .. :]
@aidadoll LMAAAOOOOO that is horrible. Poor thing
@DermotCarmody cheers matehateeee history of rock!
hand hurts
Kinda bummed that I'm gonna miss @mrosenbaum711's return to BG. Now I'll never know what it's like to make love to @james_gunn.
@handlewithcare Awww mate. that's such a shitter
@JamAndHoney and it never arrived. have to wait until Monday now
Ugh I'm so sleepy  I think I'm still kinda sick
Venus Williams is having a horrible day at the office
Wasabi is recovering from surgery  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6121231
Waiting for the sun to come back! School calledOh boy this is going to be a loooooong day
1 more goalGuess I'll be running in a little bit. Accidentally fell asleep
@IconsRobg My Denny's shut down in the winter.  I have to do 50 miles to get to one now.
So yeahgetting readyforgot my lunch and no one else is ordering stuff  boooooo!
Hmm... the new sports catalog and card jitsu updates are not appearing for me
Soo tiredOn the mondayGoing home... with sore #eyes
@SheGotItSheBadd i've been up most of what normal ppl consider the night.  no problem going to sleep but nightmares been waking me up.
the day i was planing on doing my workone of the estate agents next door just caught me singing along to wham
@nickcres ive tried to@THE_WOCKEEZ i wish i can go. But i'm not in US
@chriss_yst so u are very burnt  sorry back or front burnt?
@AFCEAHelen If I end up working in DCTrying to get some work done not too happy about work situation
Sitting on the decking reading psychology notes with my ipod and my dog. It's far too warm
@northernpest DID YOU GO? was it goodUNC budget  cuts may rise to 18%   http://tinyurl.com/mdm5tp
I killed my dill plant again. Why does this happen with dill? It is doing great then suddenly it's dead. http://tinyurl.com/mlh4f5
Traded her iPod for my brother`s cellphone. My phone diedIt's 82 degrees and gorgeous out.. And I'm stuck in the library because I have a midterm in 2 hours.. so lame!!
Sad to be leaving so soon
I feel like shit cause I couldnt sleep last night and went to sleep at 320 n bk up at 6  soooo tired!!!
@PochaccoYoly wellfuck awake at 2 am !  i hate sickness
Pulled in all directions and not knowing where to go
Having real bad headache..
@KillzoneDotCom WHY?
Fuccin bacc hurts now. Just dragged the long blocc on a piece of wood. From the corner to in my garage.
@JaneHungOz hope the presentation went well today?! tweet me if yr on campus tomorrow - I'll be around from lunch time onwards
@Running5k2day Oh no! Hope it's not as bad as it sounds!
Just found out my Abuelo in Aguadilla is not doing well
Trying to get this swimmer's ear to go away!!
Exams are kinda near. Just a week more. 2 Projects yet to be submitted  and almost failing in one of the subjects. May ALLAH save me
OMG IM IN SUCH A BAD MOOD 2DAY   wats ppl doin2nite?
last school day tomorrow! it was the funnest day ever. BUt also really sad  Righ ow I'm getting ready to go to Moab with Phil!!!
@ryan_price Oi@lamborghinibow u were doing good with the replys now u fallin off sad face
@conorp its so sad! i wish i could stay longer! It the last time ill see you tonight  better not wear my make up!
UGH! I have GOT TO STOP biting my nails  grrrrr
at the redi med. getting checked for strep throat.
i'm soooo tired i have to study for all of my subjects ..... history is gonna be SO hard!!!! &gt;.&lt; help me!
@IamABoogs oh plzzzzz u never had time for me!!!
FML. I hate CSS SO BAD. I can't find an lj layout that has everything I want.
in class sick and hungry
@RainbowAnne OMG what posts were deleted? So annoyed I can't go on forum at work!
i got a replacement phone and now all my text messages and call history are gone.  I am sad.
@wowinsider no    I kind of miss my first main.   Male Tauren Shaman named Icewater stuck at 61.  Maybe I'll fetch him one day.
@meinj Can't do tonight - could kill a pint though. Another day...
Decaf isn't cutting it right now.  ? http://blip.fm/~79g85
@PeterPolaco I'm guessing the belt thing is a no-go since I didn't hear back..Sorry  Stop by this weekendweather is making me gloomy
lamentablemente paso  #jrztwitterlunch
it's so slowi'm worried because something bad happened today and i don't know what's gonna happen next.
45Th st pub anyone tonight? Dont want to be a lonely drunk tonight
is hurt and upset and trying to smile when i feel broken inside
The time is not my friend today
@MustBeBenHughes hahah! sadly there is no current activity though in the room
Went to get dog from vetsJust found out I have to leave my lovely flat!! And been waiting 2.5 hours for a plumber. Still no job news.  Not a good day
@BillyBush umIve totally not got that job  i can just tell.
why is it so fucking cold ??!
@MishDance i miss your dance friends too.
@HelenGoytizolo kayla &amp; I went to go visit you but they wouldn't let us in school!
My hair dresser passed away yesterday from breast cancer  She was the greatest hair dresser I'd ever been to!
getting ready to go to IKEA. All alone cuz no one will go with me
@tommcfly I don't know what to write anymore! My mind must be tired. It's past midnight here already. Do a tour in the Philippines?
I do not feel good
Cat is anxiously watching wild turkeys in my back yard....I think they have their eyes on my bunny rabbit
@ME215 I know it's just a sprain. It's a repetitive injury for me.
@geekgirl444 apparently so!  I'm falling apart in front of my eyes
such beautiful weather.. .why are u sickThis Wired article should have mentioned R@majcher I have been run down all week.@petraeujane Too bad they never made it over here during the last ten years
@Oblivion I know! I miss her...
asks: did anyone possibly get a photo of me receiving my diploma? Dad's camera died right at that moment.
Huffy is not having a good day night or life. Poor baby
Drunkduck misspelled &quot;Buinne&quot; for the announcement of the twenty-fifth page. I'm very sad.
@africanewtonxx oh my god. i can't do the end of the dance  *sob*
Has been listening to 2 nine yr olds@aftashok    i dont forget yall...i dont think im lowkey..i think i spend a lot of time on here actually..sometimes too much
I can't stop crying......I can't live like this.
@yashved_2890 Nt able to follow anyone  friendorfollow.com here i come!!! #itsucks
@laylakayleigh i miss music on mtv!
I'm sad to have lost another person close to me to cancer
@jane_l I blame you for 1/2 price Fridays replacing Free Book Fridays. They don't want you doing #rrtheatre anymore.
Back is SORE... should not have done that jump last night
@johannabee I hope it's something relatively minor and easy to heal. I can't stand it when the furbabies get sick.
@MissMelody in my opinion one gray hair is one too many... I have way too many as well
Just got laid off  stupid economy!
@Mister_SEX I do!  I'll probably get fired if I do though
he killed everyone for nothing. :o  :-ss
@jenberesford So sorry to hear about your mom! that really sucks
@SuperGinge Inorite@mileycyrus I think i have same disordercan't wait to get his hands on his new blackberrySearching apartments in Kaohsiung. Will go seeing the apartments on next Tuesday. Haven't found a good one with reasonable rent...
@IvanaE grrrrrrrrrrrrrr ive barely read any of it
Gone up to 8mm on my plug. Helpgosh im bored. its early..n i wanna go..to sleeeepp why am i at work?  *kay&lt;3*
no more twitter in a while   .. tweet tweet
@mommymbd nope anthony wrecked his car i have to help him get it running
Can't believe this Shit! I've spend 30 minutes for for a snickers ice cream... Seems like no one does then anymore!
@brewstermax true but if I don't put a case on it I'll break it in a week.  don't worry ill find a way to make it work.
Will you guy's keep voting for her and ask u'r followers to help to. Only 4days left before competitions close.
My throat is killing me
@_YoureMyHeroine :'( i really know how you feelin. i wish i could hug you
Roasting to most probably death
ger my foot is killing me and i miss my matthew
@violetph  Gods sake it isn't even your birthday yet  i need a cool job like that.
It's too hot.  I don't like it.
Ugh worried about my math test
I wish the weather would be slightly less rainy so I could use the hot tub.
*meow* a week ago today @sevilla90 was here and we were road trippin
@Cinderell4 i don't like to see you like this...  there must be something to make you smile...
@dfarver76 Good BUT it's supposed to storm later
I want some sushi today
@CarmelaMarie I'm okay. Ima go to the park and play some ball. Not in the best of moods. Got stress to relieve.
Had to take my bad ass dog to the pet hotel....so sad
chilling on the sofalost my game  by 3 POINTS!!!!!
just got back from my exam... im surely gonna fail...now trying 2 get tickets 4 il divo! someone doesnt want us 2b there!!!
I'm taking a twitter break. Cell is dying
my little booboo is sick
@dulcedementia   poor Stuart...    I was wondering where he was!  Moving day today!I expect a welcome cake or case neighbor .... hehehe
taking sad to a whole new level
i think my ipod is sick  it doesn't want to connect to any wi-fi . . .
I'm feeling nauseous.
#ivealwayswantedtosay Sorry to his wife also for moonying her...she was a lovely lady and it was a dare...she did not deserve that!
not feelin 2 well  im not sick@vivek1209    Whn r u goin to Europe?
Oh snap!  Just broke my windshield while replacing my wiper blades.
Phooey!  They've planned CAMPING for my class reunion. I. Hate. Camping. ...and being the only single girl left from my graduating class.
@AsMooNy ta3ally ma3ahaa w e83idy sa5neeha ly 6ool el 6ireee8  astaaahil wla :-p &lt;&lt;&lt; kfff looool wallah thx bard w 7ar ahm shy 8ahwaaa =|
@stacey79 that sucks - I'm still hungry and sucked down my food.
i thought follow friday was about gaining new friendssunniest week for ages....and exams
I don't think the coffee at work agreed with my tummy
if officially done with high school....  so sad... i miss them already! movie later???
I know I'm already a week behind on FF. Will TRY to get one done today! Called into work 2hrs early due to problems so will be a busy day
@Renee3 Oh no!! I hope it's not bad
@kedge0417 is work next door sucking again
waiting to go to 4th period to get the final over with. omgg im sooo gonna fail
Anxious for my dance recital tonorrow at UP :/ Groove Central will be miiiiissed  Coach Mycs! Loveyouuuu!
*sad face* project-m keeps crashing my itunes
i look like crap right now  im very fucking moody to  *Shooting Star*
I need to get it together before Ricky gets home. He is not going to be pleased about me breaking up this damn bathroom
@MyNC I was wondering....   Have a GREAT weekend!
@Marianna26 hey mar! i miss you also ( yeah  but i gotta find a stupidstupid school (
@ahaulil I have a bird living with me.  So I have to find other ways to kill these damn things beside the exterminator.   #vegas it sucks
@Stubinho you said you fucked up your nose!
i'll do follow friday a little later on...i'm busy taking over this lady's job.
So sorry if i've been typing wrongly. usuallyI'm really not feeling today...soooo much work to do and I have a soar throat  gosh
My teeth and my eye hurt   someone make them feel better
Chauncey is giving his last sac speech...
@Metal0520 I haven't talked to you since the last day of school!  that's no right.
@jessnextdoor aww...  try to rest na lang muna... ^^
i am waaayyyy hungry!  oh fyi my work email is down again BLAH!
@backstreetboys  totally missed the chatroom. I'm so lame
@GoodGreenTea Its been a fun afternoon for me trying though....BBQ's out now though...feeling a bit sick
sinus headaches suck big time!
(@gbsinkers) Oh snap!  Just broke my windshield while replacing my wiper blades.
Damn being broke on the day Guitar Hero Metallica comes out!  Boooooooo
how come when i straighten my hair it has to sprinkle
Dang i didnt even remember it was my bday today
@AlfieJG I don't think I amI can't eat a hot pocket anymore without thinking about Jim Gaffigan
How would we get thousand battlegrounds  #battlegroundTruly sad... My cheap little camcorder just shot craps.....
I hate only having 1gb ram to use as host and 1gb for Virtual Machine  Sucks so much
Why are you hiding behind the clouds mr. Sun
GOD SCHOOL IS GOING TO SUCK ASS NEXT YEAR!
6:29 pm - ok@RachellT342 ugh... I know the economy is depressing...
@herecomesdomzi and what about meThinks my &quot;not girlfriend&quot; needs to not be a douchebag right now...  i'm not in the mood to feel neglected
has spent the last two weeks attempting to grow a beard (from scratch)@CursedChimera; Re: Home - that's exactly what I meant... home in D-town. ;) Also@TylerAlyse SAC won't offer fundamentals of math 2 for teachers in summer one  booo. I miss SAC!
@JekNexus Oooommmmggg@KevynPM Ian and I are going to a matinee tomorrowMy dog is suffering from abandonment issues. She thinks I'm moving without her.
Tum is very unhappy this morning (&amp; it's definitely not a hangoverBus stuck in traffic; gonna be late
feeling betterI swearI burnt my finger on the toaster
http://twitpic.com/66u67 after the shot calmin down!
I did.'t Get tht.
@_Tanyya :O  awww leave offsickkkEver been to a restaurant with over 200 items on the menu?  Lunch decision shouldn't be this hard
@jenmussari my internet in like 9th grade was so fast@diamondhead94 oh the noon? I don't know if I can make that one...I only get 30 min for lunch
@denise_richards sorry to be the bearer of bad news.
Walking the puppies downtown. Also@tommcfly I'm starting to get really dizzy. Do a tour in the Philippines?  So we'd feel the bliss of knowing our efforts were worth it!
im so stressed out.  will anything get any better *sigh*
#3wordsaftersex  OwIs getting upset at work cus bindz and j are being bullies  and they won't let me go duty free shopping!
omg. .please jonas brothers add an extra date in dublin in november! i tried 2 get tickets but dey were sold out.
@rammohanr Yea...looks like it is...sorry abt nt gettin in touch..was hectic
I think at this rate.. Ill be in class until 4... Sigh.
@THEBFOUNDATION NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!! why in july? im gonna be back home  NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
@belfair_rocks I WISH he could fix this dang thing!!!
So cold in here!  getting the chill
it makes me sad when people phones are sick
@kayleeperry look at what i said to....someone. actually dont. no@fish134 miss you
why do I always wake up ONE minute before my alarm is scheduled to go off??
Okay so I'm dedicating my 300th tweet to the fact that I'm going to the Apple store because there is a HUGE crack on the glass screen!
@michaelmphysics YES. i am thinking of staying in the office until it's slightly less RIDICULOUSLY HOT
ive burned like a ginger kid in the sun. now my arms are red
Happy Birthday to meeeee!! Excited to go out tonightmy twitter says it needs a break  i'll be back in a bit (capacity??)
back to work tomoo  day 1 of 5 it will bee.
Feeling so low and depressed that I'm not on holiday
@IzzyJ_Is_Here haha yeah i hate seeing him in pain so i do what I can.. and I send hugs to you too@lets_eat_out
@redhalo_pax Oh man... I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out
going to check and make sure no more fishies are dead. poor fishies
@Jayde_Nicole I have to close my eyes when I watch it
not eating lunch with my wife like I wanted to
@marcdavies That sucks man  I hope you have a problem-free weekend.
I am doing the  FF wrong!
I'm not ready for my baby to be 3 tomorrow  she is growing so fast....
Not looking forward to this long trip in the morning. I'm sick
I just saw 22nd of June and it make me think of Jenny  I miss her so much  ...
@jamie_oliver ohhhhh i was busy and didn't see this again...
@AmyMonzon LOL freakinggg I worse a lookse shirt and shorts and sandals and it looks like its gonna rain outside  boo yahoo wearther
@michellej They don't let the queer boys donate blood.
@jeremy6d ditching out again?  you will be missed. I wish my ruby boys would represent.
wants to set up a coffee shoptweeting from ally court for the last time.... its a sad sad moment
@CcoK99 I cant take any chances on them being sold out@gjo26 why am I weird?
Just came back from watching Terminator Salvation @ Cathay. It's so-so onlyscratchy scratchy throat. warm fluids needed
fact is i am a bad cookAt work but punchy due to two early morning pager events.
I saw the sun..... but then I blink and it was gone
@laurenvdw ahh when i was there it was closed
My cankle is sore.
About to take meds I take that percentage back... feeling worse
's throat is killing her... and she's whiningeditting crap on here in school is a drag. i give up lol ill do it at home. i wanna go home T-T my vida is so boring right now
@theHUBnyc there is no sale in Botega...
the neighborhood gas station is gone@purpleshoe Ahh! normally I would jump at that but i'm manning the office solo today
Last day I'm LA. I am so so sad
Going home  but when i get home getting my hair cut todayyyy! i'm nerrrvous
@FunkeyGurlNo1 I'm going to work.... bummer
http://twitpic.com/66uor - went on a really long cycle ride with my mumFeels very ucky today... I need more DEFENSE Vitamin Water because I don't want to be sick no mores
Ugh I can't breathe right today
On my way to Ft. Knox   http://myloc.me/1Zyg
wow the last hour of twittering that I've been doing has yet to be sent over to twitter..  guys bare w me...
Is asking that everyone please join me in praying for my mom she just got home from the ER and has to go see a heart doctor
@MerewichDaBitch I've been unlocked for decades now...just not lucky@courtney_mejer I couldn't remember what all the different cords meant. I lost half of them leaving the graduation anyway.
@jp1983 You burned yourself too??? So did @ericpratum! ohh no...  xoxo
@kate38381849 ouuhh dont cry  i feel so sad right now
@WeTheTRAVIS  I was meant to be seeing you lot tonight but tix ran out!!
Back at the vet and it isn't good
everyone's abandoning the office... I still have 5 hours to go
@heltershelter we are in line now waiting..if only he knew!!
SoWell poop.  Looks like the office doesn't have the keys.  I don't have the keys.  Neighbors don't have the keys.   Bike rides from now on.
@WedSpace now I know why it didn't workjust contributed to economic stimulus at Wal Mart - un expected tire replacements
@AutismInsights laundry instead of sitting here. that darn laundry keeps mocking me.
I'm so lost without my laptop. And no break again for me today. Made even worse that the 2 big bosses of skipton showed up today
Math is amazing and hell at the same time  socialily that is the naiv part is fine.
@thomasfiss we miss you
I think a cat is trapped in my back garden but cant find it. Hopefully its in someone elses gardenI don't have enough close contacts on twitter to do follow friday  #followfriday
@vanessathomas ugh some stupid teenagers just showed up. My peaceful time is over
@cfieds  i'm sorry to hear that
Panera is not being nice to my iPhone
@bungandy easy for you to say. you walk away first.  I'm sorry but I'm not ready yet. I haven't finish caring for you.
@blkademic what's the matter?
I am craving Burrito Boys - Large halibutOK guess I need to do actual work now.  How long until 5 pm? Oh no. I may have to ditch early.
i miss her ..... i hope she comes back
@cazzac i hope he is ok too. i miss him  and the doc better not be a douchenozzleWow@l0RENElAiNE I'm not goin have a way out there til b.dix gets off  but we swimming tomorrow !
gonna have to eat somethingMy back hurts and I'm meant to be going out tonightWaiting for nearly an hour at the bank
@hjn119 you can crash@geekandahalf I'm not donating sweetiesnotty nose  poorly chest! this is not good!
@AFtheAWESOMEone what's wrong?
@LisaTalkingTots Oh my goodness!  How AWFUL
@osbug I keep trying but no@19christopher92 WHAT'S UP MY HOMIEEEEEEEEEEE ???? I MISS YOU LIVE LAST NIGHT  I HOPE YOUR ON TONIGHT . I WILL HIT YOU UP CUTIE
@fightingfatigue Got any tips for a mum of a 14 yr old with CFS who can't sleep at night. He falls asleep about 4a.m. till midday or so
waiting for @nickyjames to wake up...... hazin a sad
is gutted she isnt going out tonight
Momz rubz it in tht im NOT goin to the musiq soulchild contest. How RUDE!
so much to do by 1 pm. i don't think i'm going to get it all done
So its my bday weekend and shit is already headed south...might have to drive to atl tonight
With E3 coming up the worst possible thing happened. No not swine flu! not AIDS! RROD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Godstarting PN lean coaching next week. can't waitWorried for my cousin and her son
I wish I could buy blink 182 presale tickets@TNAaddicted Damn
@bbraden08 aww me sry  that was me yesterday ....
Omg my head still hurtsStaging consult ltr 2day in beautiful town of Dundas. X Files filmed episode there once. Think I'll run in2 David Duchovny? Probably not
@HLJx lol thanks!there scary to wear though
@inyourvan Well I guess the McCafe=tastes like shit cured ur craving? You get the McSkillet? Me Wants
Haavent read the paper yet about the magic loss nor did i get to watch the game last night.... But i do know that we lost
i feel sick after that oreo and cheesecake milkskake  lol
I haven't logged onto Minto.com in like 3 months and what I saw upset me  Gotta do better!
@clinton_kelly Bummed about the maxi dresses!  I think they're so cute for summer but I'm only 5'4&quot;!
@Selly06 that is never good especially on a friday night
@sbenzur haha! sorry to hear that
ned to go to beathroomSunburn ouch
@thepartyChase u just got me real excited cause i thought teniece was on twitter...
Hows that possible? No rain forecast for Pinkpop? And I have no ticket
@tabfam Oh god@WFUJerseyJon Curses. Bad timing.  We'll make it happen soonso not in the mood to go to work@pcon34 I have a lot of Hell Yeah@jasonsechrest pups I would LOVE to..BUTT I will be saving lives Saturday night  although I know I am missing a BLAST
@gpgirl Nah@MerewichDaBitch that's at least a band-aidWishing the rain would stay away for a while so that I can go to the pool
is it too late to jump on a plane to RichmondIt looks as though I am sick little friends
http://twitpic.com/66vdn - I miss my babyyy
WORKK! yay
hates not being able to see his monitor. I have about 25 minutes before the sun is not blinding me
@larrygadea  but I'm sure you'll find a new set of challenges at twitter. Best of luck.
@KarenAlloy I cried like a baby when we had to put our cat down 2 years ago...  For tears of happiness watch this http://bit.ly/qLwbe
@serena_eliza ohhhh that makes sense then. 8D and i need to reread the lotr trilogy@farafaizul cost of living also very cheapVery bummed I can't go to the @shiftworkspace open house today.   DD and I woke up with a stomach bug.  Blech.  Y'all have fun!
I don't want to lose my wisdom teethIs trying to buy a new bible...but they just aren't the same...why did my dogs have to chew it up?
Victor drew Hannah Montanna in my yearbook.hahaha. I'm going to miss my 2nd per SO much
Suddenly sick with the flu and quite sad about it
I'm glad I don't have class on Fridays. I need the break! Algebra test on Wednesday
spent the whole day editing in Pro Tools...i luvvv this thing and am becoming quite the pro@itsgabbith oh no!  thats no good! I pierced  my bottom lip on the right side...myself in 12th grade@DrRonVonDoom @derrickjdavis it might be the swine flu! haha 'cause i've got the flu
So sad...  John Cryer's ex-wife Sarah Trigger  charged with abusing their son. He had rope marks around his neck   http://digg.com/u14MCf
This poor butterfly was dead  http://twitpic.com/66vlw
This is a joke surely? http://prune.it/WEAt
Am i the only one experiencing problems logging into digital point forums ???
@NeyomFriday I'm here!... Jdubb is @ his funky job...I guess.. We're neglected
#BSNL@murphyusa why aren't you following me you bastard?! you're my own brother...
@Extrange I'm totally impressed!  I could only wish to be an otaku!  Instead...I just get horrible nosebleeds when I see bishonen
@Kel_Kel_17 ehh carnt stand hot weather
Ugh feeling sick to my stomach and I have five more hours of work to go
@AugustGrrl oh no! Whats up chuck?
Hour fifteen drive. Just left50 is sooo much better than 65  my biology score's so bad.
@JoJolike i tried phoning you
Up and moving... my dad home when he should be working.. im due to work at 12
My invisibleSHIELD has gone a yellow pissy colour! Don't look good!
No twang photopass for tonite
Memorizing the first 18 lines of the General Prologue of The Canterbury Tales. Ughhh.
Big Header Folio (http://bit.ly/MYmeA  has been up 2 hours@YarnThing oh Marlysomeone broke into my car big time = having a really bad day
@tommcfly Have you guys heard about the flu that's been going around? Swine Flu? Hope you guys are safe  There've been deaths already. :-S
Pressly Anne Hamm misses her mommy while she is in Texas  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6480360
I can't believe I thought I had a morning shift today and told Alex that I could take him to the airport.  His flight is during my shift!
Shit my neighbors dog just died.. it was hit by a damn car.. feeling really sad
@Vasilicious Did you get your free chocolate?!? I still haven't gotten my email.
How did I manage to schedule all my bills to eat my money all at the same time?  EVEAlcohol makes me tired. And I miss and want him so much. It hurts
ok...so i'm Twittin from my computer...its gonna be bad when i get on my phone.. cause ima be lost like shit
I REALLY wish I was spoiled!
Rest in peace Sheeba. You will be very missed. I'm off to go cry now.
today is going to be a long day
Momma martini went food shopping without me!!!!
My whole body back pain treatment and detox starts Monday. Not looking forward to a summer of hot yoga and healthy food.
I dont think my twitpic is working
Just updated my To-Do List (notepadGotta drop off some car parts for a buddy to press outHmmm I am very stuck@DarkAeon Alasi lost my nintendogsHas a bad headache
@Jeefthepirate @thedeadknight I know it's sad. But back in 05 the auto industry didn't understand that iPhones would change our lives
i have three hours to do my hair. and it STILL won't be straight
@hepcatrayo  so sorryexhausted and sick... my face is greenish
does not feel like babysitting. i want to go to the gym. weirdI hope amy is okai
i am so stressed and sad about pugsly missing. i hope hes okay. i am stuck at otrip and cant look for him  someone post his pic on FB 4 me
@MBLeah Unfortunately@Jojosvoice Bro. Martin!! I need you to repent!! Pam said we were going to get to meet you last wknd...
@AbeerAK woooooow I wanna join the maseeraBleargh. I can never clean as much of my house as I want to before workwell paisley has one of those cone things around her head...SO funny but I feel bad for her
@top5jamaica yeah man@MissJo_Jo I took pics but I cant find my camera chord to upload them  my cell phone doesnt do justice. It feels like nothings on
@unaffected @warpdesign @cianan @mikedelgado Byebye web buddies  The cubes look so sad... SRoach I had no idea you are BigToach.
@archetypo no kiddingyeaaaahh lunch but no food/money
heading out to the park with the kids - hope it does not rain -looking cloudy?
Getting a cleaning on tues then getting a tooth pulled on thurs. Then gotta schedule a bridge that might need a root canal--ugh.
@Draconator its brokey
sad today...neighbour taking down beautiful willow tree
@bmerten85 @anthonycolaneri Pool party? Why wasn't I informed????
@fashionish OOuUch!...good luck
@mamapennington im the only one in the office! and I jammed the copier
@lauryqui  we're gonna miss you. dont worryI though the clothes of AW0910 Collection from +9 designers will be there@mustntgrumble ha!The potential is there but so is the loss of fingershas now found a bug in the RHEL5 bnx2 driver   Cant handle high packets per second (&gt; 50k)
#followfriday @RoRuby although she doesnt consider me a sweetheart to
@stuartnewman So sorry  Definitely getting it out this weekend.
Again@evlover0327 ...I will take some...I am tiny
@Jadeyyg  haa I'm so exciteddd woooo
@ireallydohate I had to look at it 3 times before it sunk insore from ultimate... trying to figure out how to pay for school next semester...
missing loverboy so much
Quick answer@JetGirlArt same as I... to bad I'm a programmer only in this company
@Peapods ooow those look painfultime to get to work. i'm already starting the day off bad. missed the UP screening  this morning at the el capitan
So i have done absolutely NOTHING all day today...how pitiful is that...smdh...guess I cant go out 2niteNooo i wanna watch the comet  dont wanna go workk!!!
Bar exam madness:  topic for today is torts
Around 3 hours left until a 3 day weekend and I have waaaay too much work to do.
@randiohdesigns Didn't think of that.  Why can't people just be nice? Why would anyone think it's ok to say thatI want to party down!
Awwww ur already gone
@Lidybeth inooo arent they just  i wanna just go down there now an meet kyle again.. im too obsessed its not fair!
@enave22 Hey! You have a bunch of events on facebook that jenny and i aren't invited to...  we're sad
@HeadHardHat I'm so sorry to hear your bad news.  I will send happy thoughts your way that you find a new job very soon!
am but mom...  because my princess got pneumonia....
@LegendaryWriter Good!! Busy as heck but good. Feeling yucky at the moment.
i don't wanna work over the weekend
@tronella Cool! I have one (from a decluttering friend)everybody is sick
@ajlnike09 omg wtf why is there a porn site following me?!
@JAKAZiD I made the mistake of NOT avoiding the latest Bonkers. I think my image of the series is tainted upon repair. AATW ruined it
At the dentist. I liked it better when the dentist is the client. Now I'm the patient.  http://www.DamienSmithPhotography.com
I should've known something would go wrong. The van is having problems. Oh please tell me it will not cost us an arm and a leg
@BrinnaBarlow try being my height in small cars  not much fun specially on bumbpy country roads! haha
@blumchen OH MAN I WOULD BUT I'M FRESH OUT
is saddened by Husker Access...no internet!
@feliciaodg arghi just saw a bird slowly die right next to me
i just fell going into my house.. not fun
talking to dii and missing her terribly...
@Ms_Eclectic but then you leave
Sad that everyone is leaving me.
isnt very happy about the fact that her back is hurting today
@ayawan that's such a long time from now
@shizly does that mean your going to block me?
Gotta wait till wednesday for my new guitar to be delivered
@alsotop /drool. I still need to 100% the first one
Ichigo has been good at Ping&amp;pooping outside but not used to the fact he doesn't have his sister  lonely puppy
Im only failing 1 class.... Algebra 2 damn it that shit is hard!
I'm very sorry for the little disturbance at #SAPInsidetrack in Palo Alto! Just went into a debugging session when lines unmuted
y do i only have 2 people following me  people follow me please x
@ArnaudJacobs i'm still such a newbie@anntorrence @jeremyhall Does anyone update the photowalkingutah google calendar with photowalks?  Looks like I've missed a few
Ahhh My Satz blend didn't save
Loaded up box of recyle stuff for Salvation ArmyYay@jonhatesyou aw my dear i'm sorry
i feel like dyeing right now...
SYTYCD:  I wished they kept the 17 y.o. kid...  he would have been good eye candy on the showSitting on the bed NOT wanting to go to work
my twitter looks funny  someone help!
ugh. trying to respond to all of the emails/voicemails/facebook messages that I missed while out of town. this could be a while
Then I ruined a perfectly delicious green smoothie by throwing in the last of a bag of frozen strawberries.  Freezer burn.. yum...
needs to wash her cats. Uncool.
damn you rhinitis! boohooo my poor nose
@LifeCoach2Women  i wasn't able to go the conference.so I didn't get the outline.. however I have been doing my own &amp; it's coming along.
@SteveAgl not for me
My computer is broken
@jgreco4 Outlook not so good
Just discovered a painful sunburn on my right sholder  hopefully it just turns into a tan!
@kakoivisto checked with the hubster and I think we'll pass -- feeling too lazy to caravan after running around with our friends.
so instead of laying out in this 90 degrees i've gotta give 32 fourth graders miso/rice/sushi/mochi in an hour  fml
doesnt want exams next week
Damnis there a program that tells you when someone stops following you or who started following you? Lost one last night and I've only got 85
Really disappointed I can't make it to bloomington for @sproutbox launch party tonight  if you're around you should check it out
@lauraEchilds u really dont right now! i am as sick as a newt in a freezer! its aweful  x
gotta shower then go apply for more jobs  hopefully no creepy old men will be working again today *shudder*
My dog Roscoe died yestarday and I'm so sad
@vargas7 that sucks!!
@JonathanRKnight Good morning! AwwCrazy debt issue. Maybe I had messed up when closing my old account? Not really sure but looks like I may have to cover it - aaargh...
UghBringing my kitty to the vet tomorrowis sitting in the marshall center w/Mina. Some1 must really not want me to go to the gym..this time i lost my wallet n w/no ID i cant go
@StoryShtick Ugh.  Now my ears are having phantom pains.
@viveknshah kandivali  @100rabh my girls r gonna kill u for that answer! @shaaqt @limeice @unitechy @spitphyre
Doctors with mommy.
Going to the courthouse to pay for tags &amp; taxes on all our cars...this is gonna be expensive.
Now Im in the work  @iamdiddy I do!!!!!.... I'm single and it sucks!!
http://twitpic.com/66xjl - An hour in the sun turned me into a blancmange. Sucks to be pale
@sos100 internet billing with fee of 30% and only in 13 countries and a setup cost of 5000 for usa alone
is going to shul
@chasejustin i can't go tonight   *Cait*
I've been reading up on Sims 3 genetics on the Sims 2 forums. Apparently hair dye is passed on to offspring. I'm very disappointed
@lilyginny27 @tomfelton no freakin way!  Gah LG... I'm sad for you.  No love for the feltbeats admin...
omg@swopusa  DamnChemistry is not fun..
Missing brandon. Wanting to talk to anthony. Sadshoes
@JillzWorth i rarely sleep.. cant help it   hehe
@iamdiddy I need a hug... Gotta find another place to live and a new job
The poor Pirate had out his last wisdom tooth and is looking really peaky.
@iamdiddy me because I might not have enough money for college!!!
@iamdiddy yes I do! Because he is going to the marines to protect &amp; serve and leaving me!
Now I have a sunburn
@the_breannarose fuuuuuuck  idk if andy can get youuuu
@adbert @DougOntrack @organicsue Is it me (my machine)? or... Vids freeze up@shanajaca *huggles* I don't see all the replies right awayim @ the eye doctors &amp; had to bring trinity with me cause my mom fell down the stairs today &amp; broke her toe. ugh
@princessxansley oh and i dont know how to get twatter mobile to work.
@AboutK damn - doesn't show how people are more conservative in blackjack
My convo starts in 12 hours... and I am sitting 6500Km away writing GIS queries
i finished packing and sorting out old clothes XD i have stomache ache though
ITS RAINING ITS POURING.............where is my spooning  buddy
@shardaeAngelica yeah and in the tatami room!  kids + tatami dont mix
@twaysive hm@insidebooks OohWhy can't I make a phone call! I hate this anxiety crap. Someone cure me
@craigandera I got my copy yesterday@lorenarojas But it is our reality  Oh... I miss the Piano.
@N3H4 thats maddd ass bullshit dammit i feel baddd boooo powerpoint piece of shitttt
@fansitesnetwork i love you &lt;3  host me lmao
@iamdiddy I need a hug cuz these garbage truck men keep driving next to me whistling and Im working too hard 2 graduate...
got up at 8 todayI hate going online and looking at the balance in the bank.  its always a lot lower than I need it to be.
@iamdiddy I need a hug because our pitching has been lacklusterheadache
none of my friends is on this
hurt my left knee somehow last nightWhy are money problems so bad these days
This wind is crampin' my style. I have a section of my yard that won't get any water. I'd move the sprinklerThere  was just a horrific fight at my school  glad everyone is ok and that it's Friday.
@southern_storm lucky! I'm still working for another 4 hours!
@divarina21 hello beautiful. how's mariahs baby? jackie still isn't talkin to me. i called her n left her a message the other day.
Sad that david is leaving tomoro. for a week.
has heart burn
gprof problem on Mac  why ??
@Nicsey wassup m8 ... bad day not good
The computer is being really slow@jmliss Link didn't work
it might be sunny todaywhooaaa. just got an overwheolming itus attack after eating
@RedPumpProj i would direct message you regarding blogging while brown@alwaysafton I had an interruption in service on my phoneBit devastated that I lost my entire documents folder on my home computer.
At the dr office for abbie's second round of shots...
@winkphotography great to finally meet you last night! Wish we had more time to talk. Can't go to the coffee GTGsomgwebcam still wont work  evil stuffs.
@PandaMayhem my kid is sick too tho..i can't do it by myself.  i can't go there by myself like a crazy stalker
@iamdiddy I need a hug  I'm doing my junior cert this week and I'm totally stressed out :'(
@cheesygiraffe aww. I hope you feel better soon.
@mmitchelldaviss It saddens meFeels rather lonely on here! I have no followers
Twenty20 cricket@iamdiddy including myself... guess umma be partying alone yet again...lol..
honestly cant wait for wednesdays chemistry exam to be over - getting to me real bad
my internet service has been acting strange after the earthquake. Just found out that the submarine fiber optics cable got damaged
I would do a #FollowFridayi really need a skateboard  ........
@charlimillions where r u i? Am wearing a black polkadot dress n green cardigan i cant find u
Are you going to hate being around my baby?
@J1S2004 Ubertwitter is still giving me an error msg.. Smh... Sucks
@thegoodhuman Sorry to hear@davegiumara yeah the weather ruined my plans too  i was gonna beach it up as well
Did you guys figure out Saturday? I really wanted to go but my mom is sick so I have to take her to the hospital in Tampa
@iamdiddy my hubby.  promised job promotion so we didn't move@iamdiddy  My dog Nemo cause he wimpers every morning when I leave
@_Enigma__ did you even listen to the blip i sent you
Saw a black snake in the garden.  Went back for a picture and it was gone
Having trouble syncing my iphone to my work exchange email  help!!!!
Sunburn on my knees
@AFMikey413 that sigh doesn't sound happy.
is sadly going to have to cancel my Chicago trip next week.
In the mood for shrimp scampi but I don't have vermouth.
Today is not going to be relaxing like I hoped.
in media still havnet found ipod
They just layed off 23 teachers in the city near me  I wonder if I should be thinking about not going into that jobfield...
http://twitpic.com/66ydb - @jenleighbarry I made sure you got credit at the end of the book...I'm sure I forgot people though.
on the phone with ArvestI never order chips any more due to how unhealthy they arei totally need to go to the doctor for my arm...this bitch is STILL hurtin like hell      i shall return
feel like shit.....and will continue to for as long as it takes
is suffering from hayfever@Sirvashawn let me know how it goes I'm praying. Ummmph. I still can't believe it.
@travisroberts What would you know about packing? You're making poor Lauren do it all.
going to a funeral
Worried sick now about my granddaughter. She's at Hasbro possibly needing to have her shunt revised which means another surgery.
@djjezzie  how very rude fof themRuby Luster can't make it to NYC for our performance
My last day with my favorite teacher.....im quite sad
http://twitpic.com/66yb9 Ozzy back from the vet. Not feeling well. He looks so sad.    Possible UTI. Results tomorrow.
zoita had a cardio apt. 2day. doc says her hole-in-the-heart hasn't closed. she'll need the surgery to close it http://ghurm.tumblr.com
@LucyMeez   I tried that pincode... and it says it is expired... you only just put it up.
Rough start to my day.  Taking this one off from DON so as not to spread my bad vibes. Hope you all have a great weekend! I'm outty.
is hungryHave @ Irma Vep rehearsals. No...not really.
Ouch!!... Stomachace.... I ate a lot...
Gah. I think I like Wes Carr... Thats wrong. Nothing good has come out of Australian Idol@bruceswalker   Hi Bruce  I am trying to eat healthy!  It's kinda scary when I read &quot;Eat this Not that&quot;  maggots and rat hair in our food
@heffasaurus  anything I can do to help?
i can't sleep.  amp.
A year from now is graduation....i am pretty sure i'm not ready for it!?!?!?
SoI'm gettin ready for my trip back to MA...  I don't wanna leave!
@SiCoUK he won't reply
*YAAAWN* Stayed up too late last night@BarryAlistair I must of brought the bad weather with me to the states
The ball on my BB is not working.  I can read any text messages....holla but don't text me
Ok why am I still in the airport and my flightwas @ 1:47pm I haven't even boarded  http://myloc.me/1ZPI
@Hellolizzay I work tomorrow
I need food. It took an hour to get to work this morning. Leaving me no time to get my morning coffee and bagel
Jonas and DemiFirst time in my live that i got a little pop up on the taskbar saying that one of my files was corrupt and I needed to run chkdisk
@sri_rng dont know IMEI number  is it tracked even in india?
@induce1 Panchito's burfday party tonight... wish you were here kiddo!
Its already been a crazy morning and its ONLY 1030
Damn. I got a math test today.
y must i hve graduation practice...all im gonna is walk
watching Gilmore Girls reruns!! Don't know what else to do for the day
@azroth Unfortunately@mnemosynekurai haha yeaEpsilon Greater than Zero misses her Mommy.  http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/5626035
Feeling very sad again today
@wendyandlisa unfortunatelyWork is ded  out tonite tho eeeeeee
@lram2 What!?!?! I can't believe I had to find out this way...don't you ppl contact family first??!!? I'm so sad!  Who was it?!?1
@thewhitemage It does it sometimes - it should come back ;) And the car thing sucks - I feel all anxious and yucky now
Is anyone there?  Please say hello - I'm feeling lonely
Is sitting in science freezing  four days (:
Watching hollyoaks - hoping Justin isn't the one to die.
maths seriously hate me.
i cut my hand open!!!
@b33f4l0 @KevinDoyle Ha!  I dunno about standing anything up.  Very very rough today.  It hurts to talk.
I'm just to far from where you arehas a headache from the the heat.
Is going to have one upset daughter  in a bit..mr. Rat took a sudden turn for the worse and didn't make it
Does not feel good at all today
Off to the shelters around me to look for her.  I hope she is okayWhere can I get nice food for Mam down the Bay that a) is likely to have room for 3 tonight and b) isn't the mingin' burger kitchen
@orbitaldiamonds I want all the soldiers to come home so we don't have to hear about anymore being killed.
31 degree centigrade is much hotter than 30 degree centigrade
@OSCalendar @MetromixOrlando Either wayI don't do very good at funerals. Crying is way 2 contagious for me
.@orbitaldiamonds I want all the soldiers to come home so we don't have to hear about anymore being killed.
am little bit upset   ppl is jerk-
Pretty sure I'm sat on the wrong train going the wrong way... Bah!
@edwardsheroin *taps shoulder* forgotten
is stuck inside when its so nice outside
honestlyIs feeling sick@pursebuzz http://twitpic.com/66z7a - I don't know why I always click on your doughnut pictures... lol I always end up wanting one
Oh dear. Sunburned back
@iamdiddy yeah I need a hug...cuz I am sick..
So apparently my dad thinks its ok to stalk my twitter. this has been the worst week ever. i hate my life.
Still in meeting... I want some coffee right now cuz I didn't sleep well
is frustrated by twitter...my picture will not load.
@Mike_WSt the wheater here in Austria should be bad for the whole weekend. Sorry!
I miss my cousin so much
@lomeli09 i couldnt respond cuz i maxed out
@nick_carter Your video is set to private..
I'm so confused about the weatherCreased my nikes!!  ohh well... http://twitpic.com/66zfd
I am working like allways. i hope i have a good day havent talked to my Mr.Goofy in over 24hours so that cant possiabally be good
arrghh stupid eczema      i have to go soon. sort it OUT! :/
@azina too late...now it just hurts.
iPhone today! I want to see The Morning Of in Virginia BeachIn A and E arts Stephani's horse fell on wet ground and she landed on her head
@technclrninjoe i think thats what he is going for but he didnt have time to scantired but have a lot to do.  Looking forward to tabletop gaming tomorrow as a break from my constant programming
Follow Friday is such a burden for meCruising &quot;Serious Eats NY&quot; does not bode well for a future in GA. Missing NYC gastronomical tour..  http://newyork.seriouseats.com/
ran over a worm skating...  poor wormie. but glad to be back.
@barbsrad sorry to hear that
@pallet2005 apologies don't fix hurt feelings kev.  anyway i'll get it from u next time I c u.
was mostly sick when she went to bed@LauraKatzenberg Yoi really want some starbucks right now  needing to find something to do tonight..
@SPACASSO Heygosh it's anoher cloudy day  wish they would go away.. or rain..
Dangit...cuz of this weather the house painting is going to be dragged out till next week.
@paintgranny my little felted thing looks like an incestuous by- product of two of your lovelies
@corcorjdore I hope you meant ten hour shiFt ya nasty. Poor guy either way   http://myloc.me/1ZSJ
Probably because it wasnt a command...bet you dont understand pay out on fantasy football either  ..droids   Look out for @eCouchCoach
Tryin to get motivated to go downtown to meet with my girl friends... Kinda dont want to but I always cancel
exams are in 2 daysJust got to the hospital. Jimmys really bad....please please send your good thoughts. I'm really worried.
@serda23 Depends on what they want for it....I've become poor again
@misamille Where are u  miss you I hope you are doing well *sending big hugs*
@alltimebritt lol dammit  well then next time then
@nick_carter THE LINK DOESNT WOR
Gotta go to the doctor this morning  i feel so sick right now. i can barely talk but i'm still yelling across the house lol
No kickboxing classes today  pretty bummed. Still going to work out hard. http://myloc.me/1ZT0
@gfalcone601 giii help me  i really wana find a gorgeous dress for promUGH I missed the POTUS @ MY Five Guys!!!! 2 blocks from my house and 3 blocks from my job.  http://www.politico.com/politico44/
Got Firefox working again. Now I just have to get back all of my bookmarks...
I'm gonna miss them so much  I'm crying right now... :/
WAH. i'm gonna miss bowie people  ESP YOU ALYANNA BONDOC &lt;3 and Cesar. D:&lt; I dunno if I can survive without my SOSA!
@nick_carter it says the video is private... and won't let me watch
@P33ZY  My Power was cut off  thats where i went
What I would have done with legless stillborn spanielsThose houses were a bust. House 1 smelled like a bowling alley and was maaad gross and house 2 needed a new roof and basement
@JayLenoTonight  Jay I'm so sad its your last night on the show Its my last night watching it too I can't watch Conan  see you at 10 pm
Lunch isn't until 1:00 but I'm already so hungry.
I need some free #fieldnotes because I can't travel to North 3rd Street in Philly to buy my own.
@IanMcNaughton you need to share the h/w love! Some of us are still rocking 2008's gear.
doing the awful online portuguese test!
@chcuk WTF why can't you come race with us?? ughh  where's your road race at on sunday?
...just not that into me
@TeamTSwift  that's bad luck!
@michaelbolton Yes...met Jon last yr at an interesting &quot;Questionning Agile&quot; Agile 2008 session.  Don't see him on this yr's schedule.
@HayesN  How come everyone seems to make so much more money than me.
i dont feel good! sick to my stomach
Redskins release Jon Jansen.  That guy put in a ton of sweat and bruises for the team.  He will be missed.    http://tinyurl.com/mdewfk
@breedimetria I'm talking bout everyone in generalEducation doesn't move forward because we keep repeating our past (sigh)
Got back from Arizona yesterday.  Moved the furniture and stuff out of the Arizona house and shipped it to Redwood City.    How sad.
Can not get pictures to print without brown splotches. Must not have gotten tanks clean enough... Will have to do again prob
i feel extra-nauseous all of a suddensure wish the cat would stop hiding
@BROADWAYBOE I work till 6:30 daily at the bank~how do I get free ribfest passes???
oh no  according to laineygossipsome1 said if your not online your a no1...if you are online your a no1.. can't bloody win  lol
@alissas I can't believe that he almost got put downSnap. Breaking out again
is very worried about sam  and wants to know he okay!
@snow_whitex gratz on your tix. sux u will be poor tho  I am trying to get pj harvey tix too but debating my $$s too
chris came over for exactly one hour  i moped around after he left and ended up falling asleep.
Yeah I think I touched something that had mikes germs on it because I have a sore throat now  dammit I knew I should have not gone there!
@ThePrinceBeMe Awww why you giving me sad faces? That's how you feel?
wonders why am I so clumsy lately?  http://plurk.com/p/x28ka
I miss my site!!
Wish i was famous like some of d people im following
@bustermcleod Oh shitLover's bus is late. that means i won't see him until three hours later than planned.
Yorks V Lancs on the telly. Not going too well for Yorkshire.
Pissing annoying date stamp on all my pictures. Wish I'd remembered to turn it off.
Thinking about opening MacMaze sources as I don't have time to work on it anymore
@fmpug doh! I'm out of town so I can't get my results from the mail
I ruined my lunch by eating half a bag of cheddar popcorn....now I feel sick.
I wish pitchfork would shutup about #primavera.  Makes me miss spain
office hours/trying to make my computer feel better.
At work sick  but I'm ok to the mall!
Thinking about Con LawYeah. It's sad.
going to the doctors
Truck has bit the dustmy whole back is burnt from tanning. ouch
needs a job
im hungry.due to last night's dinner..or lack there of.. someone take care of me
my trousers are damp.
also just hanging right now?? just bored hahaha didn't have to work again today this is different....  no hours no money lol whatev
Trying to figure out how to use Twitter.......I'm old
Next weeks dlc is fail  Can't wait for Maiden in two weeks though ;)
Ok... No one was interested in my special.   Now the popcorn is stale! What a waste. I'm going to find a homeless person to give it to ...
I'm siiiiiickkk  I dun feel good!!
@AngelaRyan jet blue is okay I guess. They cancel flights and don't have a lot of backup planes. And no first class
@t0astbandit eeshMeeting my best friend first thing in the morning to the gym! Omg I am still so shocked. I hope you will get better soon
@SquireX6 harrump gagging for beersoooo sunburnt  my mum was out earlier so i had to wait for her to get in and fell asleep on the trampoline for 2 hours in the sun (U)
Getting ready for work... think I'm catching a cold  yay!! Now I gotta pull a 9 hour shift... holla at ya sometime tomorrow.. peace
@thisislivestyle man yes BrOoKlYn goes hard but longstory short have 2 get comfy in windy !!!
UGH BUT I N33D T0G0 BAD..
#Vancouver gets tough with slum landlords..ew backed up sewage   http://bit.ly/16UrvV http://bit.ly/16UrvV
becoz of leg sprain nta ble to do proper wrkouts. Worried shud dis hapen wen i satrted dieting...
@theyjusthowl
Hi everybody! Sorry for the long listening. Iwas too busy.
Sitting at valley ....my hummer has a boo boo
@Beadz2Pleaz I think that's what's wrong with me.  Stuffed up and when I breathe in it feels like a sore throat
Oh noes! The TV is broken  No red standby light or anything... checked the plug fuse... now to the inside
got FOXY_ a new brew buddy now my kitchen is gonna smell
@AmyDeWitt I'm sorry you're not having the best day - neither am I though  Are you working tonight??
I'm half awake in my comm theory section... Wahhhh! I want my bed...
Dilated pupils suck. The computer screen hurts my eyes so I won't be on the comp for a while.
@reggaeluv2000 haha it's great. but i slept horribly last night.
I saw a squirrel get hit by a car while walking to bart this morning...wondering if there was anything I could have done.
been shoppin all day and got a headache (which i still have) i got 1 boyfriend style shirt and didnt find a new bracelet 2 wear
@tacoman667 Not available in my area  I would too
Dads should ask their 22 year old sons before drinking.
@MDHOLLA Sharing #ff with my twitter fam. I won't be on too much longer got a real busy day. I can't twitter from my phone
I've been really toughI just got busted by the owner of our company playing with a squishy ball at my desk...he asked if I needed more work to keep busy
Cleaning + finding stuff to sell. I'm so poor.
My heart has been beating irregularly ever since last night. I don't want to explode or implode
Just hit the 3000 word mark for his Geography Notesfamily are home doesnt seem like they missed me at all tbh
I forgot to charge my cell last night and now it's dead
has dislocated her knee  *bad/painful times* gas + air and morphine are fun though
I'm still waiting to find out what #caca stands for - hoping it's not what I think it is since you #follow me for #caca.
I wanna longboard but it's raining ughhhhhh
@MiiZxP ohhh wowwww no good
@Col_RFTL Think @PembsDave must have blocked me as not heard a Tweet from him for a while
I do NOT feel good today
translating my topic &quot;quadratic congruences&quot; for my tutorial in elementary number theory  I have to do this tutorial OMG
@thesehazeleyz  if you need to talk or vent let me know
YES I AM GOING TO BE A SOPHMORE IN COLLEGE. Geez. Cant get a job cause everyone thinks im fifteen.
@AnditisLiz Hey Hey!! I got this custom designed@pitbull_fan76 ROFL!  THAT'S my problemsore throat and a headache starting on a friday is not a good sign
Summer makes me feel ugly  all the pretty people are out showin off their good genes  damn them to hell!!!
feeling the need for more advil.
Watchin Hollyoaks...poor Justin!
@Ariel_Meir ohhhh ouch dudeDana just found out she doesn't get to take lunch now@DavidSadof I'm not sure about this tweet business  Why are the simple things so difficult?
nataliaflewell  hey all so bored and in pain .. anyway god is my love life ever screwd
1st day of work today was a bit tiring but ok lol now onto college work
@jesshartley Oh@dekhmcclelland One's gone to my husband who's going alone  Other I might just leave at box office under a random name for anyone...
@MistressJett Ouch@MissCalderon that was horrible. I didnt ask u to. But u didn't have to laugh about it.  it hurt a little inside here *pints toward heart*
is on the road now! with 7 hours ahead and a beautiful girl behind
@thehottestboys  i think its like 1million degrees here &lt;3
Sad that our neighbors just cut down ALL the trees around their house! It looked so pretty beforeI don't think my friends like me anymore  (via #zenjar )
My throat hurts
class is almostt over
wishing technology wasn't so complicated
@ferretprincess are you having any problems sending images from Twitterberry  mine just doesn't want to work ! Xxx
Looking for a new laptop battery. Why are they so expensive??
@cdlstatus are you guys dead again?  I can't load it up
@renay How come?
@Jtabzz Sorrry  I'm ready to leave.
My aim is not working due to network problems
Being tall has its ups and downs @stephaniejack Geez sorry to hear StephSuch a beautiful day...wish my bike hadn't been run over by a car - hit and run.   #bikeTO
poor baby girl chloe is freaking out because of all of the noise!  She so cute and pitiful hiding under the middle of the table!
@pattyxxcore I don't knowugh back in reno
I'm slightly disturbed by Hollyoaks tonight.  I really don't think it's something that should have been shown at 6.30pm...
@JeffSays yeahi waited too long to buy pink tickets!  now we're going to be in nose bleed!!  how sad  we're taking binoculars...
just spent an hour trying to get the newborn bird in my front garden to fly. poor baby  no success!
arghMy tomato soup tastes like red peppers
@lisajcopen Sorry you are having a bad week. I feel like if I could get good sleepLONELY@knightedbishop endodontist should be able to do it without removing it. Just hope my ceramic crown doesn't shatter some time later
The sun just came out!!! Pray for me guys!!!  Writing skills test   No pass@icklemonkey My Photoshop won't let me save anything  Due to a disk error. The blend took me 1.5 hours!
out with dad to see up.  sad that mom cannot come
Wheres my phone ?!
Homey missed da bus.
@letsocietydream I think i would die if they played Pushit. I missed them when they came last time. When Isis toured with them
@heathervescent sorry didn't get to see you
woke up to boxes to the ceiling and now he can't find his yerba mate or coffee beans.
feel like a junkie  i live in chronic pain disorder with fentanyl an morphin@angelabc hi angela@itsaimee sorry@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/5ut6j - Poor Thing
shoutout to @denzelburks we're both starvin like homeless cambodian kids  lmao
@imreallydope your phone isn't working!
just ran some ACCELA unit tests for the first time in about 2 years... and they failed
@torreyryan Yeah@vronmcintyre I want an espresso machine
@HighRawFoods I am sorry.
@bernadinee thank for ur gnite and... *thank* for ur photo of sims 3... heart broken here
@bcran we'll see Craig might just hog u guys! haha I work till 10 tonight anyways
Just saw half the RRO staff walk by...sadly I didn't see @legmar or @mtacheme
@niftybitch time to leave a passive agressive note to the owners.  It's not the dog's fault... it's their shitty owners
@chantelmybell  that's no bueno...hope u feel better!
Feeling like the bum of this recession.  Don't try to call or text me.
@XxMolliexX I mean someone hit a dog with a car. It was just laying there
Nice to come out of a business meeting feeling desired &amp; valuable. Now@jaymckenney goshTrying to stay upbeat while I wait to get my keys out of my locked car
Got insurance forms for Polo. Feel a bit  Has to be done though.
@mommypages I wish our @COSICols didn't close
just got home from doing the big shop totally munched out because i was so starving and im at weigh in in the morning oops
really ill again not been well for 2 weeksGoing to tmobile  i need a new phone this G1 is so not working for me anymore
is incredibly worried about Stanley...
i thnk ima cry i feel rlly bad
is missing someone.. haayy..  http://plurk.com/p/x2avn
Bloody sunburned
oh no. opera 10 is not google friendly  *weeps*
Starting to spoil my pug since her brother Max passed away on Tuesday. We miss him.
@jennytornado DAMN IT! I want to see that movie sooo bad.  Don't tell me anything. hehe.
@keylahtia yes I'm starting to feel the effects of humidity
annoyed and overwhelmed
never answer me back
@Alligood So sorry to hear about the kiddo!  Hope she feels lots better now that the cast is on
Potluck for danielle taking veggie tray. I will miss her
@CoachDeb I'm game@katie84 You don't get them anymore?
California's budget deficit (now at $24.3 billion) means big problems and lots of cuts@KissofJudas  Lupo's is a bit far for you methinksYay@onchmovement oh no your sick! I'm feeling kinda sick too  and I'm hating this overcast weather!
@evylove why no FF for me?
@MamaGaea Sorry to hear about your dude probsGonna have to have arthroscopy to repair my knee
@melissa0616 yeah - stomach bug or something. Fever@PinkBerryGirl Aniya666 yours wasn't there
Another interview... Please somebody hire me?! But I'm late
Sigh. My metal friends keep planning stuff on Sunday afternoonsthe low point: a poor pigeon outside my building isn't capable of flying. It's just wandering up and down the sidewalk. so sad
@NETTUTS I can't wait that long
why did Reel big fish cover Edna's goldfish
is putting on her &quot;suit&quot; (&amp;dont mean jeans&amp;T)&amp;Heading over 2 T-town 2 deal w/ family emergency PLEZ PRAY 4Us  BE back by 630P God willing!
Somebody accidentely sleep for 3 hours instead of 2 and now I can't hang out  WORK BLOWS! sorry @andrew_jones20 and @schmidtfaced
@Twisted_Jo my mask is non-existent at the mo  Charis didn't send me one &amp; I haven't been bothered to make one! I'm wearing boy clothes!
That poor goose.
Head is throbbing from lack of sleep and still have mucho work. Doesn't feel like a Friday
@geektoad   Woot! lol  It's gonna be hard to send this one back
@c0v89 i dunno..tipsy gave EVERYTHING in the 1st set and still lost..not sure what mental state he was in - but the injury was bad timing
less than 1 month and im done with high school... ohh my!  my friends
@xolotl ohhh ok. so like8 month old African grey parrot  sad sale - Reptile Forums UK http://bit.ly/grrdA
@russfischer man i wish i still lived near a drive in  perfect movie experience
Sitting in boring ass litterature listening to jack Johnson  missing the gf soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much.
has a terrible headache.  I need relief!
sooo tiredDay 7 without shower. No end in sight. There is stuff between my toes.
@JordanOhlin what happened to winston?
Missed my massage appointment..... Now Its 2maro   I needed it
@Peeperrzz URGHHHHHHHHHH your makeing me cry
@AnonymousNY My closet situation is close to the same.  Except it's not closet located near NYC.
Schoool needs to endFuck traffic. Going to be late!
@ work....boyz make me sick..
still hoping for a job... but now i have strep so looks like i wont be looking around places for the next couple of days
My GCSE and A Level work is at least 50x better than my degree work. Oh Uni@omgitsafox I could but won't get here in time before my Vegas trip  So I'll still look like a noob there~
To make it worsei didnt post my new song today  i will try and post tomorrow!
just got back from the pool@KellyFahl Psych has to be better than neuro!  Or at least in a better part of town?  I miss you
heyy  watching the simpson  with shezza and paula
Tasha's really bad haircut. She's being treated for skin cancer and is shaved from neck to tail.  http://twitpic.com/671zy
It's not the internal fuse either  Poop. Might have to get the spare out of the loftwas spose to be going to a party tonight but gues what im sick  grrrrr.
feeling sorry for Ian. He broke up with his gf@yukihoang i had a dream that u didn't like me
@SteveSerrano I adoreeeee Matt Nathanson!! I am so jealous of you right now.
@JamesMurphy anything to sell an album. poor thing.
@Livvixo god I need to revise today! I'm so lazy
@randazzled my phne blocks text
laptop pooped. new harddrive needed? using DH's old pc now. maybe offline a while  damn BSOD!! happened too many times$4 lonestar pitchers at @mugshotsaustin ?  If only I wasn't still recovering from last weekend's bout of irresponsible gluten consumption
@motley_sis He got those cars before he lost his job.  He used to make good money. Now he works at McDonalds because nobody will hire him.
its sprinkling outside  i hope it doesn't rain during our game ..
@brooke_nichole i miss my earrings  lol you should let me know when your close by
how do I gain weight?! I lost 20 pounds and I want it back..  I'm only 108 and I'm 23 yrs old at 5'7. Not healthy.
@jerseymaids oh man  hope you guys weren't shaken up too bad!
@abraham not funny
@lowenstein @jerm_bob7 I'll update you. I had to leave him at the vet for tests and xrays.
They've changed the soap in the men's loo and it doesn't smell of marzipan anymore. I miss the marzipan soap
You know i NEVER wanna hurt you
@eogasawa psh... I'm not cool enough to go to their open-houses.
@saucewear btwDaisy just got attacked by another doggie in the park
@SamBennington although you wear sunglasses i can see how uncomfortable you felt. poor sam.
@rantingteacher NoJust spent more than 45 minutes looking at the Aud
ough out of the shower and my toes feel horrible in my socks i think they are still a bit wet
Over-thought tying my shoeHow come it's so cold now?! A few days ago it was wicked nice outNever made it to the gym so will be doing my blowout sans thong wearing company. Phew! But bummer on missing workout
my tummy hurts
Hangin with the fam! My head is hurtin
@SirGarde Hott as Africa lol yeah its hot here too and its a big storm here
@meinj Wish i was out an about@tinchystryder why is it your last EVER uk tour  ?? x
@PaulMcGwinn i could really fancy a nap right now but i am at work at 7am and i feel that if i nap now i am wasting my evening
contemplating getting my hair cut and having severe anxiety about it....
@brieasaurus i guess your cooler than meI have a stupid Recall on my car
addin to that last comment@apt10C I was walking home when he fell to the ground
Bugger. forgot I still have washing in my machine
It's gonna be a super long day
@petshoptype yes and no. there's some strange infection in my body that's causing me to be sicker than I need and to have a fever.
@Timkealey  was wong?
@teamqivana We're no longer in biz together. The one thing that survived was our marriage. Not so good with the in-lawstrying to find some friends and not having any luck
i want some followers
Dislocating your thumb= more painful than dislocating your toe. I was reminded of this today (thankfullyDamn it@KimmelCenter if I could make it to Philadelphia this year I would be there!! but sadlyWow it's definitely Friday- the gym is completely empty! What to do? I'd like to play the wii but I guess I'll vacuum
Heading to yale.. Grandmother in car accident
broken my leg  comment me please
oops i did it again...really shouldnt have.
@RyanSchartz gah! no money..... at least not for bakugan
macbook dying. switching to iphone.
I want noms
@shecango9984 I knnnowwww I'm so upset!!! I was going to twitter u but my sis's apt is like a led box nosignal! Where was the cookout??!!
i'm pretty bored/tried. my mom is going to be home in an hour. @kassi911 is fixing to leave. aww...  she's going to texas for a month..
So many tests todayyy  I don't feel confident about anyy.
wants to eat an entire chocolate cheesecake
on break with @kellyaelliot . It's raining
transferring 368558682 photos is annoying.. I want to watch Up
@iwan2ctheworld she passed away in April.  she was really sick with a genetic disease.
@EdwinIsRaDd why did you never buy bagels when i was tehre? i feel so unloved  haha
Ok. So I'm not movingI FEEL LIKE CRAP......
is traumatized and saddened by the 2 baby squirells she just found on abandoned on the sidewalk.
I quite like baseball and bball oh and the odd gridiron match that a tiny tiny part of the worlds population calls football
@Tech_N9ne I'm not having a good day
@euripidean oh dear Whoops indeed
@SEXYJENN_18 i emailed you the linkI need to get away. I wish I had money to go travel for a bit. I miss my east coast friends.
@GenuineAmy Dudejust got rear ended
@ArcticMonkeysUK  i thought it was earlier
Why doesn't Rob tweet anymore?
So bored  waiting for class to start. Sigh midterms next week &gt;_&lt;
jen! we havent talked in like 3 days!
Has that feeling like when you want to cry but you dont so you get that empty feeling in your stomach and your throat starts to hurt.
daddy is in the hospital  i dont like it!
@tylercrex my power went out as well.. Except I'm in nor cal
@sfwa The article on language groups in spaceports looks really coolLucy has an upset tummy and sore leg  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/182397
Mummy and Nathan not in today! On My Todd!
i miss &quot;mr.&quot;
@chirocindy Don't tease me! I'm in desperate need of an adjustment.
Misses the good old days!
Fell off the wagon and had a Maccy's!!
Dang  I left my Rolando's dinner leftovers at home! I knew I should have put them in the shop fridge last night before we left downtown!
@promotingyou  no FF tweet for me?
is alone  ! watch a lot of DVD on my laptop !!!
@Lbaje i got talent too  u nvr hear me sing or dance them does call me Mini Breezy
@bhufford: I've got a fairly flat route available... the problem is I no longer have a fully functional bike to ride
Still no reply from @lorenb about my SimFinger problem  So no iRape parody video until I get a responseThus far@lost_in_a_story Glad I'm not the only one. He's our babyMy tummy hurts
thinking 53 more days is the only thing that gets me through work. ahhh i dont want to go
@davechinnici still not 100%    im sick of being sick!
Already know I'm gonna miss josh next week.. My mom needs more surgery.. Work sucks.. Not a good day. Oh and my tum tum hurts
i seriously need to live somewhere fabulously queer. i miss being around gay people
i went to the doctor. i hav a virus.
Just got off phone with Black Swamp Bird Observatory - No reports of Connecticut Warbler from Metzger or Magee today...
Just got an IM from another co-worker who just got laid off. Lots of people becoming unemployed
@TrueVisionDubbz OMG! that wasn't funny.. LOOK at his face in the pic.. OMG! that made me sad! BAD JOB MIKE!! wtf?? .. poor K O B E
My dad is trying to force me to learn to drive. I don't like doing things I'm not good at in public
I'm way to hungry to even think. I can't go to work on an empty stomach like this
@beforeyoufall i wish i could offer a hug right now@DJMagic aww i'm sorry!! I was rushing around on my lunch break so I didn't even think of it!!
I lost count   sorry I let u down...
...what ever happened w/ creating music in collaboration just for fun without the &quot;what am i getting out of it&quot; question in mind? PLEASE!
@NPollard unless absolutely gorgeous I'd rather men stayed covered up! Have seen sights today to put you off your food.......  #ukpubs
@cruirco i still dont know what we would do though
Fell off the wagon and had a Maccy's!! : Fell off the wagon and had a Maccy's!!
Another Lake Park kid is going to Tulane. I'm not unique anymore
throat infection coming on strong I think  I can taste blood :S
working allllllllll weekend..how thrilling..and i have to say bye to goshy on sunday cause she is leaving for poland for 3 months
Why oh why do I always forget to take the medication I'm *supposed* to take 30 minutes before breakfast? Just taking it now at 1:30
why the hell is youtube not working???  NO NO  NO NO   NO  NO NO NNO NO
just found out I won't be tweeting from *uh* totally forgot the gentoo reinstallation  don't know what i should backup. the make.confEh they shut the freeway down! omw to a job interview so i guess i'm gonna be late
@ajcoo82 oh no.  hope you feel better soon. Hugs. I had flu earlier this month.
Why are all the cool classes being offered this summer?  Boo.
gah! i just can't get the hang of twitter   i must be more stupid than i thought! :/
@1045CHUMFM I give up Fav!  I try and try every time...and nothing ever happens...I'm not usually  a quitter...in this case I might be!
Ashley= getting sick... Ugh I'm losing my voice! Nooo
Cell is dying.hafta plug it up every night now.
after 4 tries and 2 arms it was successful BUT now I look like a junkie
Decided not to go...I want to see my sweetie  But I can't.
@lorib709 sorry you aren't feeling well!
Its raining on Staunton again@autonomy14 AhIm downloading manually the oooiifull.mp4 movie by @leebrimelow as it seems the only way to see it fully
Still can't sleep..missin' my dobby...
iLook struggles to make Outlook more social http://bit.ly/JjUdF looks interestingwould like to go back to bed. horrible headache pounding behind my eyes and all over my skull
Should have left car and walked home! I might need someone to rescue me with petrol! Light flashing
@3CB goodnight hun. Yaani nakam wakati unaenda  @soleaddict1 hai
but mum just burned some bacon... smoke alarm's a bitch
@SavageMike :: I know the feeling  Its a little depressing :S
@berrylies I am so sorry.
I feel like crying! One of my diamond earrings fell out my ear bc it was loose and I can't find it. I've had them forever
feel. sick. too. much. cheese. on. toast.
@iamdiddy me.  confused about a guy...he's great but why am I pushing him away?
@fountain1987 Ooh!Wish i was there.Just watched Hollyoaks on E4.So sadOH NO! MY FAN BROKE  NOOOOOOOOOOOO! great now i have to swelter in the heat. i like heat-ish but it hot! my laptop warm as well.
This is sad
Just got done discingJust tried an energy drink to report back for you guysTesting out Hulu desktop. Reminds me of a shittier version of boxy. Feels clunkyOh my god. I literally drove in rain that was so hard that i couldn't see in front of me. I'm shaking
@yayamartinez dude i am so sorry!!!!! I never got that number for you my fail  i just remembered
watching The Uninvited in my room. Can't wait to go home. But I have to go to the Deid first.
Tiggerk is still having upset tummy issues  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6823131
@spaley sadly that is so true
@BonesCrazy24 I'm tiredI will never eat broadway pizza again.. feelin ill.
@420thoughts I can understandWhere's my bus? I want to go home!
I don't think the neti pot is working for me  maybe I'm doing it wrong?
My new landlord just called.. I cant move in until tomorrow morning  Way to rain on my parade..
is really stressing out
Packing is no fun at all  good thing I have the new united on to keep me going... But still no fun
Just got my rejection email from Jeffco schools.  fingers crossed for Boulder Valley...
Ow... My shoulder muscle (I can't remember the name :p) hurts... What did I do?  I don't even know
Why am I so tired?????? Whyyyyy make it stop. Merm is not going to be fun tonight.
@jen_juneau I did@stevehills dad's been having fever since last nite and needs 2 bottles of blood trasfusion..loaded 1 today..1 to go tomorrow.
doesn't know what to do this evening &amp; is D R E A D I N G work tomorrow  it sucks.
@justinchon great. so you're saying *I'm* old@livefashion lol... not gross at all  they're gross?
My work buddy left early today so now im all lonely.  keep lookin at the time and its barely only a min later than last time
this laptop is going to dieMy guitar ain't here yet?@Cracklin_Rosie  it was my name until yesterday
Omg i'm so sad. I jus took in that gossip girl is done
Man waking up sucks when u have to go to work like 30 min later
My hair looks sooo short
Oh@amybarton Hope your son is okay!
@wenatcheewash I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
@myuze_me Why so blah?
I hate taking antibioticsmy laptop broke@NathanFillion hey@crystal_haze aww I^m sorry that Ray Wise has appeared on the show yet   Whatever happened to those chocolate cigarettes replete with rice paperthe suns gone  hopefully nice weather tommorrow. ALL THE WORK IS SO DEPRESSING! :'(
@cathrynmarie i miss jack n box  and whataburger  and oooo taco cabanaaaaaa  lmao
A Banana and 2 cups of Coffee...Not a so Healthy Breakfast!
Life Just Isn't Fair &gt; And I Feel
This will be the worst day ever....graduation
I want him to call
Math class ugh.  Rather be a class act.  Damn quiz   gotta act fast
getting impatient with the turnaround time on repairs to my (broken on arrival) new espresso machine  #fb
I might get kicked out of school. Thing is they don't know that most of us need a job to live in this city.
WHAT ABOUT ME ??  I VOTE EVERY DAY FOR YOU !!!!!
@PattyHankins Awe - didn't know cats got skin cancer
Wow we're going to war with Korea? There goes my chances of ever being a grandma
still aint get my vanilla frosty yet.
I'm finished 3rd year. Moving onto 4th year on Monday. It's soooo scary. This time next year I will be finished my standard grade exams
I wonder if she knows how shallow@joeymcintyre  My sister and I are suppose to be meeting you today in Birmingham.    Please reschedule!!!
i want to go to bocum tottal to see lostaloneI really want a milkshake. I have no money.
ate like tons of chocolate today...  3 weeks of eating healthyWonders if I'm d only 1 dat n church sumtime nt knowng certain sungs. Seems like erbdy knows it but u? Quickly feel bad cnt sing along .
@karlismiles indeedSo there aren't anymore exams#Java is not working - hmph!  Can't upload photos to #Facebook.
yeah@mileycyrus I VOTED!!! do u have a personal myspace? i keep talking to fakes   i &lt;3 you. u helped me thru the hrdest time of my life! (: x
proper cba with out!
@ArlenesUniverse I have tried. He doesn't want to listen. I don't know what to do anymore. I just feel like HE doesn't care anymore
ahhhhMigraining today--the naproxen sodium tablets I took are helping a little but my neck is now killing me.  Need my muscle relaxants
i looking at failure
@danielgrosvenor #Java is not working - hmph!  Can't upload photos to #Facebook.
my finger hurts cause its infected!
@CenturyMontes why you stop following me? Was I not cool enough for you?
@cazob  okay i need to find another way then lolz
Wishing I made enough money to do whatever I want! Sux... No money in education
@babblingbrookie Try being in AZ again brooke@Broccolope sorry about calling you in really late
@KourtneyKardash noo  I'm in miami and I just wanna lay out in the sun..but the rain has stopped me
@LLCee I had to find out via twitter
how do I vote for Mr twitter universe??? I'm a bit stuck
is mad that its raining
@Drob114 thanks for rubbing it in@ColinBach Sorry dude couldn't make BBQ only just back from hospital
@mrs_aaberg it certainly was their fault that I had to crawl all over the woods today but I'm afraid it would have broken at home too
@Intelligentle This was at Pitman's down South. It just looks like business is bad all over
@jerseymoongirl - I'm hoping these pills will do somethingno phone call yet.. 20 minutes until I pluck up the courage. I WISH MY PHONE WOULD RING
So much work@countrygirls86 dude i tried!! it wouldn't load!
I feel really bad for female racoons with abusive racoon husbands... when you always have black eyes- no one can help
@mechellelewis Are you shattered after that long week?  Thats a pity about tomorrow night
@KimmyGotSoul aw damn. ok i got you for tuesday on that. i gotta write a short post for today tho
is taking mommy to the airport.
@alivelshi what a society we live in
ah seriously i dont even work with children some how i am still sick!  groundhog friday just got worse.
@Mauityler87 u don't love me  no follow..how was your night? ;-)
@TheMrsNikkiSixx  We'll miss you  #Sixx?
@Jonasbrothers come on guys.. you shouldn't promote here :| it's kinda disappointing. Twitter's for UPDATES
Just got back inI am sickNew picture isn't working
@CourtneyREADs lost luggage? Sorry to hear.  you should check out our selection of travel luggage here: http://budurl.com/9mua
still trying to get better  had to get mommaz lovin..headed to her house.. ahhhhhh i so hate this feelin!
This is beyond terrible...my friends 18 yr old daughter jumped off the skyway bridge this morning. She was a beautiful girl...such a loss
Just finished weeding the flower bed. Why is it the weeds grow so well but legitimate plants hate me?
I'll guess I will see everyone after the weekend  Gunna be having major Tweet cravings the entire time!!...
I have so much stuff in my car that I can just feel my MPG going in the toilet.
@Kngston someone i work with today told me that if i took a &quot;real age&quot; testLost my keys  now i'm waiting for my dad in d'iberville. Phail. Also fml
@SportsDivaTiffy HeyIts so sunny outsideI didn't find my dress
despertando megadespistado@Xaan I'm having trouble viewing it as well on you tube for some reason
Bought it.  Now I have to wait 2-3 weeks.   Boo.
oh god they're breaking down so much plaster what are they doing in there  i like wallsAllianz interview went well@jasonridge1 you're in harlem? where? im so jealous right now! i miss living in nyc!
@mileycyrus i voted and i couldnt
Sheesh my meds make me feel like I'm at the bottom of the ocean...and I have to go back to work today  Be sad with me...
It's a sad day@cameo1172 i have 2 friends going  so jealous
@elmofromok Oh it's been so long I can't remember
Aw man@laurenRIOT_x it's only on in glasgow
wats up with the racism in australia? Its not nice
change of plans. won't be seeing Up today.
Off to guitar now! I almost said swim. Phew!!
@caitran i do! Id love to goits overcast today again  it looks like it wants to clear up but i doubt it :/
Dear Mr. President: Please TALK TO US abt what you plan to do re: DADT. Because right nowHm. Have you ever realized how incredibly over-rated Tokio Hotel is becoming? It makes me sad.
@bluepoof They have a list of 50 state parks here in PA that are under consideration for closing. Nice ones too.
hurt my arm  can't writeArrggghhh...dang post office.  Did not get the package in yet@Gleegirloz Life is too short. I know its slefish but i wish everybody would outlive ME
And I just saw something real sad on my lunch... A dog with two broken back legs.
okayI think my wireless router is dieing
@kgs  lost luggage? Sorry to hear.  you should check out our selection of travel luggage here: http://budurl.com/9mua
Bad Day. History Test Tommorrow. And I want to go out in the sun and play..
@jonmyers The problem is that I'm not finished with it  But I have logged in mass hours this week on it. And i'm not being paid! POP!
Down again   seems like it never gonna stop and I'll never get what i want
@MelissaHourigan i wish. i'm on lock down  we need to catch upSgt. Hughes has bacteria meningitis  so i disinfected our female latrine and im writing an essay on meningitis for Sgt. Ski....
@MrsNewlywed  Sorry to hear that.
is getting her hair did shortly! and hoping everything is going well for her friend currently getting surgery!
All I want is to see him tonight.  and I know it's not gonna happen.
@tinchystryder   woooooo im seeing you in glasgow when you comeBTW@simon__diamond brown but it looks black  at least its not red cos it would have looked like a period stain :/ &lt;3
@suziewi  lost luggage? Sorry to hear.  you should check out our selection of travel luggage here: http://budurl.com/9mua
@MsVanityQT Flirting! Ima good man with bad habits.
I'm missing one of my diamond earrings. This makes me sad.
@Bizfizz Damn damn and blast!  I'm at LMHR tomorrow and Sam out   Who is running it?  I could see if she could join next week?
Has research guilt as I spent the day feeling sorry for myself with a cold.... will need to spend significant time coding this weekend
I got the dispatch e-mail about my books an hour agoI'm crossing my fingers and hoping that this copy of Sims 2 works...last copy totally bit it hard.
Plasma fail this afternoon--40 minutes of repeated needle stickage@tonyhawk I missed them at Red Rocks.  Sad couple of days.
@142Staircases I seriously miss you and you're right! I already asked Justin to teach me@GeekySteph - I'm alright thanks pal@zeldman For me everything ok except install crashed at the end and now Safari crashes at every cmd+Q
Nic has no idea what he's going to do!  money is all gone!
@ASinisterDuck such a shit show
i think i need a drink
@YvonneBeasley sadlyThinks twitter doesn't like me
going out  I can't do this crap anymore :'(
dissapointed in every way....confused... and damaged by the ugly love bug
dang it...looks like I have to work this weekend  they always do that at the last minute! n I really wanted some time to practice my talk
Ppl who smoke pot@BabyStowz yo wats up? how u doin 2day? u havnt answerd any of my replys
@My_Sweethearts Im following you but you aren't on my DM list  Can you try to DM me?
Pwnd from all sides
fighting again
I had a dream there was some kind of bug on my eye
@Jazziy showed my fluid decreasing slightly so doesnt look like Im getting out of this bed anytime soon  Ive got a follow up U/S next week
@MsUndrstood My sister is graduating too &amp; I can't afford to buy here anything
A delay until midnight  bloody thomson!!!!
@PuptownProducts Worried about our Arabelle. Tweet please. Or text.
@juliedarling supposed to be visiting Austin Sun-Thurs..but not feeling well since vaca.  Would've said hello for sure!
@masterluke103 oh how the ladies will suffer now  LOL
I miss matt today
ahh my poor feeeeeet
What a bad day
@JonKress perhaps she will start including #magic in all of her tweets now too. BTW... you didn't write #magic in ur tweet to me.
@sarahsss i wish i had friends i could spend the night with
The pentagram has rejected the offering
everybody is leaving work early except me
which was so UNLIKE the POs in oakland. they hated me
@jennhoots Well let's be blessed together then too! Yes@Pink Oh I beg of you to add just a 3rd nite in Dublin in October... PLEEEEEEEASSSEEEEEEE
So tired   Last group of the day is performing now.. It's been an interesting one.
Its two o clock in the morning!
Boingo connected without fuss this time@Bri51NY Awww  that's no funMy twitter is on c r a c k
storming outside
thank god for some overcast and ivory. Trying to get my mom to take me out to lunch egh doesnt look like its gonna work.
I don't wanna do this presentation
i NEED MY fRYEND!
Ohai wilkes barre--scranton exit!  estimated arrival time: 7:22. TOO FAR AWAY.
@andrewho why would u get in trouble with meDude my butt itches  but i cant scratch it cause ppl r here
About to get shot! Ow!
Worried about BryTweetDeck is acting really strange! Hum........ reinstall maybe. Update on the horizon? Or is it just another Adobe memory leak
@websiteowner Thanks though - am trying to be positive!!  Wine may not be helping lol!!  Wish I could make the gigs.....
@fanifang i did and i feel great....   but i still miss it...
@Xx_Elmo_xX awhh you alright ?
*sighs* My head hurts.  Does anyone know if you can mix Benadryl with Claritin if you're already taking it with Sudafed?
life should be exciting today but someone very close to me has mardy bum and its starting to rub off on me!!
@krystynchong Your still thinking?  Cheer up Buddy )
@Emma300 Oh I'm sorry hun  (((XXX)))) I'm fine thanks.....kids are driving me nuts@egsa I knooooow.  I'm just down on myself today I guess. I'll work on catching up instead. It would take too long to get there now.
@dkrleo1: aww im sorry honey.  that stinks
About to go pick up my roomate from the airport....no more house to myself.
the people are coming to kill my mouse on monday    i have mixed emotions.  i mean@geeketteFi and I SIT HERE all on my own doing nowt  hmmpfff lol..have a good night
i ate waaaay to much candy today@blairangela I don't want to  !!!! I am going to cry all the way home!!!
I have to sayDarn it my DS died    x
fever's down. headache far worse@JosephChapman Outlook not so good
Fiona is sad because there wasn't enought room in Megan's suitcase for her  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5163602
Am i really hyperventilating over my hair???  yes@Shansgrl have a good nap. Sorry bout the dumby at work.
Its pouring and i have holes in my shoes
@shoemoney I'm more upset about the fact that 2010 is the last year
I need a new phone already  or i needa go to the store and see if they'll fix mine o.O
@Pappy60 Looks nice.... never knew VHS had such a short life span... hope my fav VHS is not dead
Installing a new hard drive! Gotta redo everything though
Twitter won't let me update online. My update box won't work.
@tim_weber I wrote a leadership essay abt its founder. The expansion didn't went welli have dried up superglue on my thunb
Great. I let my friend use my ipod this morning and he uses it all day and kills the battery. So now i cant listen to demi.
@kellichase  I'm sorry.
meep. i cant text patrick back. babyyyyyy!
@GaltsGhost LMAO shush. with my illness comes the joys of multiple mouth ulcersSad. I don't know what to do with my life. Everything I have done since the age of 16 has been towards healthcare and nursing
having a bad day
My girl needs a hug! She lost here cell phone
had a great session canvassing in the sun... but now is miserable cus i have no1 to go to the pub with
@MrsNewlywed I am so sorry!!  That really sucks
ONLY 1 thing sucks about holidays: worrying about pets. Cats will be tgthr @ &quot;cat resort&quot; but Jonesy won't have much company @ dad-in-law
misses @laurencarll so much
twit twit twitter! trying to &quot;legally&quot; watch a movie online@alchemuse Oh noes.  Hope you feel better soon. My head sympathizes with yours.
Thinking about all of the cleaning and organizing that needs to be done over the weekend!
@backseatsurfer9 Oy.  Get checked for ulcers please please please.
I don't wanna go to work tonight.
Yes!! Finally Friday...which tech means nothing to me since Im currently unemployed
@irgxana next time? I might not get there this time if the bus has anything to do with it
@DARRENJ0NES you poor thing   *hug*  plenty of aloe gel in summer eh?
@nevermore222 poor tony  come play scrabble on facebook!
http://twitpic.com/676hv - R.I.P Fristy just thinking abt her
On the plane to yosemite. Forgot my laptop at home
@rubberduckygirl Heyhttp://twitpic.com/676hz - It's raining  so chocolate world it is !
@btpl iTunes won't let you move songs from the touch onto the computer.
@DazzlesPR oh phew you scared me. I wont have ANY access when im in mexico
Today I'm sadHey where my left nipple? She never respond bacc..
My parents wachting tv but it is terrible and there is nothing else  me so sad
@doverbey why aren't you showing up as a #spymaster in my screen?
Very sad that my camera is in the hands of the Geek Squad. 2-3 weeks!
hm seems to have been because my blog was marked as a phishing site
So.... the first day back to work = 300+ emails still to get through
it's summer time.... these gas prices are going up again
can't find any good version of 100 Monkeys song    ++ still doesn't get how to send message things on twitter.
internet on trains is 100% awful!!!
I just got back to London to discover.....still no tickets
@momebie omginorite! I'd be all fancy and tophatted all the timeThinking bout maddies comments
@cameo1172 i feel u  but its sooo close to me hard not to  but i cant so no point ugh
Washing The Dishes :S iTs So hard 2 be Me
Cried Like A Fukn Baby Today Durin Da Senior Show...Ima Miss All My Senior Friends
I hurt my foot in gym class.
@jaclynracpan ouch acid reflux hurt too...
ROTC brought a climbing wall to work for coworkers to try and climb if they wanted.  I forgot my climbing shoes at home today.
I had a nightmare last night *cry* I think I am scarred for life!
@PushPlayDEREK not all of them  You'll be missing mine and everybody else's on the east coast!!!!!
Maybe if I pay somebody they'll take care of me. I need a personal nurse.
In other news: I want to register for this Artslam thing but I'm too afraid.  I'll just do it independently I suppose.
@modulista You're in Miami right? I don't see a hand delivery in your near future unfortunately
@spencerkat a twitter app for the iphone/iPod touch. It's being slow though
Everyone stop what you're doing &amp; help me find my favorite pen. Its a black clicky Papermate. I heart this pen.     #fb
@arian_marie i'm so sorry to hear about your loss  my thoughts and prayers are with your family in your time of grief.
@AnarchyGarden I was going to go on SundayIf recent experience is anything to go byWithout wings again
@buky thanks@DanSer4Gsus i know. But.
YAYAYYAYAYAY Toy Story 3 is coming out. June 18@stephxrawr ehhh no. just a check up. I have a dentist app next week though. getting my molar pulled/root canal.
that's a whole lot of rainstorm goin' on.  Maybe I won't go out tonight...
@repressd yeah freakin sucks!!
Wife &amp; I split duties tonight.Wife headed to OSU for daughter's ath trng rcption. I'm at son #1's school paper banquet.Can't make both.
Somebody buy me a plane ticket home!! I miss my girl...
@greggrunberg I fee your pain its lady Ga Ga and It will drive you insane oh dear God her songs are in my head
elliott claims steak and shake has been doing this for months...not exciting anymore...
@trueblooddallas Dallas@AQuietMadness You don't think they will catch them? God yeah can you imagine how they're feeling
wish i could go rink sorry kayleigh  xx
my pooooor baby (my dog chachi)  she had surgery todayyyyy
- im hungry...but there's no food at mah house.
one hour till I go home and commence pouting because no Bahama trip for me
My best friend is in vegas without me
@SassyLassie3 My #followillfriday sucks because while I was teaching people how to be nice@Saz_xox  Oh godHeyy@tlockemy I do tooAlmost to grandmas now. No internet there. I will never catch up on twitter.
@EeepersChoice I'd rather she notquick catch up on missed Neighbours ... poor Libby
is sad that she is not seeing Basshunter at Metroplex this weekend
Aw crap! My iPod has a thinlast night sucked... too many bad dreams about spiders and rogue octupi
I am so bored
still shoesless  que ardillaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Welcome @MarcCall !!! Let me suggest to you @fakejohnpiper and @fakepastormark. You'll love 'em! In other newsSucky Sucky homework
having bad day
Why do I always have a headache?
insomniaa.  been trying to sleep for 2 hours . :|
@DawnRichard at least your luggage came. I came back from Paris and the airlines lost all my luggage...
Trying Resco MobileForms Toolkit and sample. Trial messages ruin everything@lkingratedr oo wow f u lionel ull d.a. do tha
@dougiemcfly join the club dougie i have a cold too  x
Twitter is slowing me down today.
@Gr8ttoess I'm sad you got one hiding it  LMAO
@trashlee i can't today   after my little tanning sesh i got so much shit to do. next week for sure if your down
I realized last night that I have no idea where my PnS went to during the move... I hope it's not lost and gone forever
@icebergmeadow No but this is our poor week
gah. how am i supposed to study when all i do is sneeze and get even more tired.
@letter2twilight LMAO! I don't fake being Paris anymore. Look at my bio ;) and by the way I can't log onto your forum...
Britains got talent only two episodes left  Will miss them buzzers lol.
@stashdrawer Sims 2 owns my life lately! LOL I want to get Sims 3to start shit or leave shit alone...tough decision
Last free Friday.
@ericbolling Where's Dani Babb?
@ericbolling Where's Dani Babb?
I'm SO out of it this morningso im drawing pictures to show how much i miss him. can anyone blame meIts officialYou spelled my name wrong@jonasbrothers brazil LOOOOOOOOVES youDreading the weekly grocery shopping.
no run today...     tomorrowJust got in a bit of a car accident@kaecie76 mines ben slow since last night@bethanyNYC SO jealous...see if you can get some Dallas concert tix out of her...it's all sold out!!
Grizzly Bear Concert tonight!!!!! Can't wait. Will my cold be over by then though?
I didn't make madrigals  I don't think i made womens chamber. i don't even think i remembered to mark it on my audition form. im depressed
@RikaReek my vehicle is STILL being worked on which means I won't get it bak until tuesday! I miss my baby
yay! got to order more diapers from @clothcouturellc i'm confused though. what's the point of cute prints if they have to be covered up?
@carostilwell I'm praying for you and your family beav! I'm so sorry for your loss
urghCan not afford the DR this year. I just can't pull it off this time.
It's about time I let people know whats happenningOrganic chemistry  ah so confusing!
I am not feeling well
@DavidGibbons Thanks for the link. I've been out of NY@RedFaction The stream is amazing so far. Will it be up for download laterThunder &amp; lightning scarededededed me!
@goddessgreeneye i know but it will make us all watch the awards on sunday! lol..i want to shower and there is no water!
@sarah6800 why r y depressed?  i mite b moving earlyer than i thot
@LIL_MISS_CBW Sorry!  It's been one hell of a day.  I has flooding
Waiting for friends to call or email me bleh i feel unloved
is wondering y Mother Nature is making my life miserable
They raised the prices at work which means people are tipping less. Yay
@InEveryWordISay no cuz i feel the same way....
@Secretfriend3 I sure hope so but I might spend all my shopping money today.
gosh@TheTarquin I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
PRD take a long time to review!
@MItchBenn ooo and good luck for dundee tonight i can't be there cos i have a ton of uni work
Playing some games before I leave for work   Work til at least 11PM tonight.
@jeffieruth OMGThis is too much lmbo (litterally) I have to stop b4 I lose my twitter buddies
researching ecologically friendly carrier bags... its not cheap to be eco friendly
@snakechaarmer yeaCucumbers. Mmm not so much ugh
@BenSpark heckDon't really feel like I got a tan  I gave up and am working out instead. Skin cancer is overrated. &lt;3 CJ
Whew. Finally done editing my Friendster account. Haha! Ohwalking past the school i went to junior high in as it's being torn down
No 1 evr brngs me a starbux!   *~CoRiEoGrApHy~*
Gettin some fuelThink I have sunstroke.
my baby's off on his adventure. 14.5 hours in the car up to Lake Ann Mi. I admit it. I cried a little when the truck pulled out...
@xkathyxrocksx  SAimee 26 julyDamnwishing I had brought my USB fan to work   air_circulation++
@TiaMowry I think you and Tamera should have your own show anyway...the CW or ABC fam is not appreciating you like they should.
I'm at home recovering from major liver surgery.  In alot of pain.
@iamdiddy I NEED A HUG! IM MOVING HOUSE ALL BY MYSELF AND IM MAJORLY STRESSED
@edsaint  take some tablets- could be migraine
now feels like a dork for using the wrong Ping group
@KMC1121 lolz dude I have to stop it got too personal my homegirl my be on twitter  lol
@Kasey79 I didnt get his  tweet
Sometimes knowledge is not a good thing.    http://digg.com/d1sPp7
@iamthenoface I'm having no luck either  Doing my nut in! Who are you hoping to see?
@ecnmst I'm doing all of Russia today! Because I'm cracking on with Economics tommorow  I'm retaking aswell :/
@titotheceo hahaha omg i only got 3 hrs of sleep
@Anticiplate man(2/2) everything but finacially we just dont have it
has burnt my hand on the cookerEvery part of my body aches   I'm tryin' so hard not to throw up
@SophieeeeLouise How do you vote? I'm on the website but can't find how to vote.
@Ross_C I can't find the original on blip.fm and the Ex Models version@samluminate oh how i wish there were chick a filas by me  i'm definently jealous.
@Twisuz  i think my niece got me sickee  lame.
-was just told by Dan to NOT say anything anymore...  -now im super sad =(
Cloudy today
@NickyDiamonds  haha I doCannot tweet. Eyes still dilated from morning eye exam. Am on verge of bifocalsi need to get my computer fixed
@XJakeXChaosX they prob are sold out.    all i wanted was to see them for my bday lol
really really really hopes jordyn will be okay
@cathrynbray sorry
toooo much outside killen my eyes
My poor laptop got a &quot;rogue malware&quot; visitor on it &amp; isn't working properly    BIG Bummer!
I think I've never been so tired in my entire life. Gotta go nowI have SUCH a headache right now. I really need to get better!
All done. No more internship.
yea i'm gonna need to put the blunt down
@SPAMponesALL I have to work  but I'll just watch it later.. even though it's not the same.
Babysitting the little kids! I cant believe the year is over!
BahWellOn the way to the dentist.
@heatherlilly what's follow Friday?? Lol.
@katdrabeck that song is soooooo hot! i want to go but might have to wrk - i think my mgr is pissed - should have worked last night
@roxannakate I need to buy it for the iPhone. It's such a good app. Only works on WI-FI though
@TCSLive That storm seems to be coming my way
It's so cold out there! I've just lost my wallet
he keeps makingfun of my typos!
@theroomstops Urm@gulpanag thats pretty bad quality and probably the worst pic u posted till date
@Agent_M aww why psn?
@mileycyrus WHAT THAT'S NOT FAIR I CAN'T VOTE IT SAYS THE VOTING IS CLOSED  BUT I DID VOTE EVERYDAY WHEN I COULD VOTE LIKE 20X'S
unhappy about the news that the planned (experimental) ITER fusion reactor will become much delayed... 2025
That didn't take long.. A fragment of bone did not heal to the major boneI am like 20 feet from @aplusk (ashton kutcher)'s movie set &amp; trailers... but he is nowhere in sight!
Good morning world! I feel really sick.
Umm after schooL @courtneyreece I know how you feel. My head is getting stuffier and stuffier@misulqa i didnt but was close to it. i'm pretty sure i'll be crying when this school year is over though  we all weill be crying.
@cbarrett just something different than all the text around it.  There's no difference whatsoever
I totally forgot my phone at home this morning
i have such a hard time talking to new people -  I am pretty sure I didn't make a good impression.....
is hungry@g33kguy @alisonwaring Looks like the nap will have to wait. I'm still waiting on the poor guy
@hwilliams3782 thanksHelp. My computer has a virus. I had to place my Etsy shop into vacation mode until I can sort this out. I don't know WHAT to do!
3 shots of espresso aaaaand....nothin'.
@tommcfly (2) in commentary @flahmanow @shawin I've been using the Sennheiser CX 300 earbuds for 8 months and I love them.  Don't know if they're available in MU though.
@AmyDeWitt You have arthritis in them?  Really??  Poor you  That would be painful - but you can't be that old.  How many squats did u do
@TDRFarmer Are you going to the game tonight? There is so much excitement today that I'm feeling left out. Have other plans
At hospital.. Uncle is in surgury after heart attack
What was I going to do? i've forgotten.
i am having serious problems concentrating on this press release this afternoon...i have sleepy eyes right now
The parking meter computed 25 plus 25 is 40. I got jipped! And the 10 free minute button didn't work.
Dreaming about cuddling your lady and waking up alone isn't fun
@ditzynicky my knee is hurting so bad im limping...so we get to suffer through work together
i still DON'T have the internet @ home  FUCK
Anybody have advice on who to use for printing biz cards besides Overnight (bad experience) &amp; PsPrintNeed to take my laptop to see a specialist... It keeps going off every now and then... thisk it's getting too hot... don't know
@kchasesimmons unfortunetly no  I wishHow I wish I wish I did not eat that....burger.
I'm at work it's super slow and my baby is far away from me. All around crappy day.
Tried Nokia's Ovi music store: &quot;Nokia Music does not currently support the Mozilla Firefox (Mac OS X) browser on your operating system&quot;
I may have come down with something; we're almost out of tissues!    this is not a good season  http://tinyurl.com/nccqya
absolutley gutted i am this ill when a) it's this sunny outside and b) i have shit loads of revision to do for my c) exam on tuesday
@JNez I hear thatI hate exam time. I want my life back  Also I want the ability to revise back - if I ever had that ability@FlowerDust I'm bummed...you're gonna be only 30 minutes from me on Sunday &amp; I can't come hear ya.
Is in serious pain.
Doesn't want to go to work
Laying ALONE!! Since Mook's soo comfy in his f'n play pen. I thought it was ill at first now I don't have no one to cuddle with...
@shaydakiss doesnt look good  we have to go burn some lampions
mannoooooooo...another headache...hopefully not a migraine
In French troisFeeling the pain from the accidente.   not feeling too good
@shopronson I have placed an order with the HOH people@GH_Confidential I tried to use Spinelli to turn him on to GHOmg after all this searchingi wish i was going to be with my ST girls tomorrow
I believe a man died in a car wreck today just right down the road.  It happened at 12 and at 2 he was still in the car.
&quot;@tracecyrus&quot;have you the e-mail from Miley ???? I want to write with her but I cant
just tried a billion times to get through to @MandyyJirouxx on say now
Migranes suck....Especially when the kids are suddenly hyper.
@cupcake_rachel Home alone and my cat isn't even in.
@melzygirl you have no interview today?
@Juggernautt I broke my ipod
boredi want to go to music tonight but i lost my voice.
Sicky sicky  sucks on such a lovely day
@PokerAuthority I broke up with Christian Bale when he played Batman
CREDIT CARDS ARE NO FUN WHEN THEY ARE MAXED OUT!!!!
STUPID!!!! my ipod is taking forever to load.
I bought a Leica M8Brad Paisley+Alison Krauss- Whiskey Lullaby...so sad  but its awesome!
grrrr youtube wont let me watch the @Jonasbrothers chat again
Just went a bought the bigest redbull i could find. its going to be a long day at the office
@goodbyeblueskyy everything okay?
I got a headache
Lookin' at spreadsheets so long my eyes are crossing...
Only one more day left of Ramona  I will miss the cast soo much!
@Philip5150 at the #manics gig.  Toasting your speedy recovery - sorry you can't be here
Havin a bad weed first wisdom teeth then ran out of weed now I might be getting sick . . . if only i had more weed
@platea sorry @platea friends - I'm swamped with deadlines right now and we have family visiting to boot! No charades for me.
frustrated. I just found out our sitter isn't avail. tonight. now what? no TKD test 4 me I guess  good thing I'm married to the instructor
I'm not looking forward to the crazy commute come with everything that's going on down here
Just got Dailybooth and not sure what to do. It's confusing!
I want to be in love.......
@RyanSmithLLC you didn't say you were leaving yesterday! You won't see me at the house anymore once you get back... tear tear
it's friday but i have to work the weekend
I'm going to have Zydrate Anatomy stuck in my head for the rest of my life. It makes me miss Chelsea. She always liked Graverobber.
Graduating from high school tonight  im kind of sad..
Another friend knocked up.   Pretty soon everyone will have kids. Goodbye carefree youth!
@reverz - nice how the lifelock suit was brought by experian basically to reduce processing costs caused by ppl who don't want id theft
sick on wifes bday= double
the suns starting to go in  im getting coldddd!
@kkozmic Sorry but there is no parking space. And I just realized I didn't delete one sentence doing copy&amp;paste in that email
Ugh! I wanna play dnd but i know i'm going to fail this final. I NEED to study
Oh good. I get to be the gooseberry all night now that katy isn't coming
Practically my whole body burns... I can't bend over or make any sudden movements with my arms
@LisetteRosalie the worst kind of news
@FrugalGaming i can see the box but when i type and submit nothing happens. ive turned off pop up thingy too
around...takin it easy tonight b/c i'm still sick
SMH @ PPL WHO ONLY TWIT U UP ON FRIDAYS B/C U GOT 100+ FOLLOWERS AND THEY'RE STILL BANKING 15-20  #NOFAKERY
just found out that my husband's grandma fell down the stairs &amp; is at the hospital with several broken bones...praying hard!
New chic just texted me saying &quot;Thanks for the e-mail&quot; but didn't answer to my questionIs wondering why my messages aren't going anywhere ;( I am trying to learn how to tweet &amp; it isn't turning out so hot
is missing training tonight@davilivingston I don't know@SU2C unfortunately I am stuck at work so I can't get said prize
@vlynn8 It's been raining the past few days but it was actually sunny today! WellMy pen just blew up in my hand. There's ink everywhere. I am now a walking Rorschach test.
@rachelyn082909 i think i ordered a few days after you. Maybe you got something that was on backorder?
Well@burdr &quot;Restoration of the site would also take place as part of the Banks proposals&quot; - after the birds have gone? Avocets there this yr
@zoe__  that's not good! hope you get better soon and good luck with the exams!
@xtfrtalr what's that supposed to mean?! Thats not good
@pete_brown Damniti used to have an ozzy osbourne pillow with his face on it. my mom threw it out. i miss that thing.
@trpilot im feel verey tired  madry chasawy 9j !!!!!!!!!
@ROHonHDNet Why do you guys use camera angles that make it look like there are only 200 people in the building?
At the doctor's officeMy comp is being slo w
@dougiemcfly  stuck from tom i guess...  hope you get well soon.... wishess....
Ahh its so gloomy out  I'm pretty sure I just heard thunder eeeeeeek.
@Squirrel84 dude there is no sun here.
GASP] pulleaase dont hate me if u ask me a question and i dont answer you ... at any given time. i just cant see you! sorry
@fpudude10 its so sad how dead it is.
@VRGURUS What you said is as good as day dreaming!  sorry to say that our country is in such a state....
Whoo@fishhhface CASEY'S GONE?!?! BUT WHY?! SoBabysitting in the sun and heat. I'm getting lots of freckles
@burrrbank ah wait! we can only go if you can get us to and from cos my mom's tires are nonlong distance till she can buy some new ones.
@Steve_Sanderson What's with Twatter lately?  Either I can't get on or the replies don't turn up!
@ChrisLAS never tried to FTP to S3@sthigughhhh.... sad day.
@MIssKatherine Omg granddads bday was epic lol. &amp; no i havent heard anything yet so i dont think
lacey is alright though. quite a few gashesvideos will be frozen until actual views catch up to the publishedAaahhh I'm just so busy. Sorry everyone.
@marginatasnaily i missed the sun as was too busy gettin hot and bothered in the shops  will have to make up for it at the weekend! x
having a good day at work lots of sales but boss is under foot.   she's a nice person but i dont like the boss bugging me
@LeighanneReena Nice...I'd like to be there...but it's too far...  I'm from Brazil... kisses and have a nice day!!!
Darn all of you! I wish i could watch bgt nowneed a break...my head hurts
@maryvictoria did you get fired?  *hugs*
Having serious technical issues in the studio  oh well thank god for the technician
@johnhayato I love Overnight. And they've worked with me on printing/shipping issues.  sorry it didn't work out for you.
My phone does not work in the DONS
@0oze you always appear on theThis day will pass slowly.  All of these days will.  RAWR!!!!  ...
there's no point in bein on here if no one else in on
@bobbyvoicu Now that sucks...  P?i ?i s? �n?eleg c? Jay Leno nu va mai avea o alt? emisiune sau ceva?
@pauljchambers Spending a weekend doing nothing but being domestic ? You said it!
Its hott out. I think i shall go swimming. Eh i feel empty had my dermals removed and took out some other piercings.
I just finished my 2nd to last box of nerds!!!
@nick_carter Wish me happy birthday? my eyes are tearing
feels better now that she ate. Doesnt want to be here until 9:30.
Waiting for Natie to come online I miss him.
@prsvr Ok then  ...I was doing fine..now not so much lol
@ddlovato hey how is everything going? please reply back. sometimes i think you hate me because you never reply back to me
made an appointment for the cat to see the vet in the morning. He seems kind of thin and needs a checkup anyway.
wearing a pair of trousers that were loose last yearmade my dad kool aid and it taste like shit
Haven't eaten all day  I need food...
@aeayling my poor baby I think it's allergies! Can I do amything about it bc he's been that way sence monday
@cam_reed i feel so bad that happened to you  did the police find the guy that did it? are u gonna get your stuff back?
@LostMyHeart Gourmet pizza = BLEH. Pizza is SUPPOSED to be greasy and filthy. You can't eat pizza that's been prepared by a chef.
had plans with people but they cancelled...now what to do?
My throat hurts bad.  tonight is going to be fun.
been busy at workis supposed to go to an Aztex game tonight but is not sure she'll be able to make it
@dmbdork had to give him an ultimatum... don't think it's gonna go the way I wanttoday sucks so far  god please make it bettterrrrr
My knee is killing me
i have nothing to do except right a eassy due on monday D: :[ :{  ]: }:
...yup..still havent packed
ugh@LeighanneReena Gosh...who's doing this??? So bad...  Baylee is a blessed child...these people don't know what to do... Kisses
got an ear infection...man that sh*t hurts!
@tommcfly apparently were not as good as the Brazillians tho'
homeee! my feet are sore
My dog is officially depressed that my brother's dogs are gone. He doesn't want to go outside and when we didugh. i just want things to go back to normal. i miss my best friend
It rains and it sucks so much because it's the second day in a row
Stupid fucking car service never came - now I only have 30 minutes to make it to the airport. Wish me luck yall...
Everytime i have a bruisenot having a good day..one bad thing after another
okay someplease save me!!! now I am watching ninja warrier and eating an egg roll from last night
Im a bad blogger!! I have not blogged in weeks~ oops!
not going out with them. there is another fatty i like and hopefully ill see him in when i'm in cali in 8 days. if hes not upset with me.
I wanna crawl under my desk and take a nap  nvrmind its dirty =/
@aneffie53  thx@Laura_lou27 i have moved through to edinburgh from glasgow - new flat@cwardzala Ironically@corylamb i was going tonightTryin to upload a new pic but this shit says its too big
@mileycyrus I'd love toFreaking #2 horse crushed my dreams!  Tear.....
my entire body hurts.  shower@jesslo24 oh no Jess I hope the person is ok
SometimesSparty's just shut down the McDonel site. Looks like I lose some hours
@TearBear7   Bummer.  I hope it doesn't continue too long.
@donthateitskate  please don't
i need sweetsso sleepy! boyfriend's leaving for the weekend
Looks like no diamond ball for me
@chilkotardis I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
Picked up Luna from the vet. She looks like she's been crying  I'm not kidding. Her lashes are wet and she has tear trails. My poor bebe!
Took me 2 times to get over the wall. What killed me was the 150 lb dummy that you can't drag. 12  seconds over.
@SherriEShepherd Wish you were doing one in San Francisco!
@mattiej Sorry ur so swamped w/ work!!  TGIF!!! Glad #Pens play Sat &amp; Sunday!!
@mileycyrus EVERYONE VOTE FOR MILEY CYRUS FOR THE MTV MOVIE AWARDS BECAUSE I CAN'T THAT DOESN'T WORK AT ME I'M #FRUSTRADED :@
Can feel a headache growing.
@Handroll That didn't workSurgery.
@PhillyD http://twitpic.com/679tn ...Dude.....how could you?
Back at homes hmm.. i rly am going to miss my boo for 2 days like wtf
HmmYes we had four gas leaks in our house in the 3 yrs we lived here- that's what u get for buyin an old house
@savvybride  That's no good. I'm sorry
not certain if it's good to be back home or not.  dropping of car rental now though
yes! its finally fridayi REALLY hope my parents don't make me stay home for being sick
@xShefSx omg my ID aint come back yet  im sooo worried it best be bk by next week or il screamm!!! lmao and yeah u choose! its ur bday x
@CocaBeenSlinky sorry  LOL
Ugh.. apparantly doc authorized my refills on tuesday (and ready to be picked up)Is sad when people's phones are dead
On my way to LA. Running a little bit late
@RetroRewind That is the 3rd NKOTB contest that Canadians can't enter   The overseas fans have theirs now!  It's bound to be our turn!
i keep reading contracts as cataracts... Someone should bring me panera
@JinBeautiful so i'm screwed
@iamdiddy  I love you and Day 26 but that video was questionable... can't say that I liked it
SCHOOL IS FINALLY OVER NO MORE TEST OR WORK YES!!!!!!! But im gunna miss alot of ppl
@ORANGESTOAPPLES Wellafter a great day at work with the kids@anotorias lol what bothers me is that i'm messing with my metabolism   drinking lots of water pretending its different foodI don't feel so good after eating all that food  ugh.
@Jen_Walker21 sadly no@Thorney88 i have tried Bulmers Pear Cider - Yuk and it made me bad for a few days!!
@rawritsria just got a text by now the one on michigan is emptyhttp://bit.ly/UnRyF  I want thishasn't had time to go on twitter since working full time!
@ilyChrisBreezy lol awww lol i will i can't do it now lol cauz i have to work  but i will make one and tell you love you 2 oxoxoteambreezy
oh no noisy family who live next door are back from holiday  there goes my peace and quiet
OMG  I BROKE DOWN AND HAD PIZZA BECAUSE I WAS STRESSED OUT  @Thefatboys @theunclelouie @princemarkiedee you mad at me?
@dabusStop thats terrible  I enjoy being with you every minute!
@MandyyJirouxx: I live in germany@amandalaur i know right@iViva I have trouble updating!!!
@crystalchappell &quot;we'll do lunch&quot;  uhh...indoors though we are having a thunderstorm rolling in
I wish I could get my nails done  stupid job
just threw up
Twitter has spoiled all the fun. Frustratingly slow!!  couldnt even bid properly!
Working.  I can't wait till 4:30. Funeral on monday.
needed my semi-gay best friend to go shoe shopping with me tonight. Alas he is nowhere to be found.
Had a little fight with My Best Friend   What should I Do?!?
I have softball
ugh@officialjman thanks for wishing me luck a couple of weeks ago on getting into a higher choirI seriously need to find out why my laptop sometimes gets so hot. BBL after errands &amp; pricing &quot;comp fixes&quot;. Not many places left 4 that.
When someone edit your designs is called plagiarism right??@roflcopterfail except the fact that it's been raining since Wednesday@TerriZSoloCEO and here I didn't think you had a cruel bone in your body ... torturing me with sunshine...hmph
@MissLaura317 Aww internet  But yeah .. he did say he wanted applause after every take he did. Careful what you ask for lol. AHH *twitch*
Hate fighting
@DutchRaymond gay marriage isn't legal everywhere here.
@pokeyp I saw that you were calling but cannot answer as I'm in the second hour of a phone convo with my mom and she won't stop talking
@darkmindedsith Damn it. I can't film it. Nevermind
getting sick  cough. cough.
Whew! I literally shopped till I dropped....and sprained my ankle.  Ugh...do you see the sacrifices I make for you??
Im @ the dentist  ....scary people here...
@Ms_AliceV No  None in the house and I'm not sure i should drive to the coffee stand. It's worse than I thought it would be.
@LisaTalkingTots So sorry to hear your terrible news   Thinking of you all x
NO MORE MSHS!!!!!!!! Gotta go to work...too tired
@saydiemason Well i don't what we should do
Ok. Over exagerrated. Twitter is not to bad.... I guess.
Is Watching Britains Got Talent@jerricklim Welli can't find my woody and buzz toys  but i've got my bullseye teddy! @tommcfly do you have toy story toys? 8-)
I'm stuffed n can't move
hates broken promises.  http://plurk.com/p/x2l3e
@smdarie Ahhh I miss you!! I had DQ the other night without you...it broke my heart a bit
Kam just called.  SheI feel bad for John and Kate. And the 8.
@BingTheCherry he's on zul'jin (i think that's how you spell it) so i doubt they'll ever meet
I don't want to go to the 3-hour lecture
Auto uit de running... One downHours of refusal upon realisation that tomorrow's #Morrissey gig at Brixton is postponed.   Only been looking fwd to that for 6 monthsish
after mad calls..txt..fb msgs my homie finally calls me back I was so worried..I think I care far 2 much..but if anything happened 2 them
Frak. I like sunshineWhen it rains it pours. Life sucks
I don't know what im doing :S
is wondering what happened to all those froggies at the potato farm!
man iCant send love on Bebo. Cuz im on Skoo Comps. UGH! thiss sucks.
@DionneSouth but they weren't that good  I see the cuteness factor getting them through though. #bgt
@danger_skies  cus it all got too much attention in the endHeyBut ... but ... who will produce the next Starsailor record?
@tdwnds1 No problem. At least look on the floor. We won't see the banana skin in our brains ... I step on it onceI have when my plans are messed up. Now i'm stuck at home
@tommcfly tweet meMy baby is no longer a Kindergartener...   Today was her last day.
Doh! I was hoping to get a book for the missus but exclusive books are closed
-- I won't feel guilty and like I should be revising stuff after today@mandyyjirouxx don't forget to follow emma from london = @teamcyrus like you said you would! I wish you aswered my calls  it cost me �14
car broken probably for good
Doctor's appointment at 4:30 because my blood pressure is high. Really?! Already?!
@miabatsoy awww...i hope you'd be well na sis....it's so disgusting to be sick  better take the rest that you need...charge up...mwah!
Oh..Summer begins..yay..  The fighting@tommcfly maybe you could go outside to meet some fans?  im not even from sao paulofire and rain by james taylor fits the style i need for my SA audition perfectly@bridgers i have one too
I need to get my act together. At the mall again instead of studying
I want some cookies.
@penflare  tell me about it
my girlies @VeeVeeBOMBSHELL &amp; @ReeseCromwell r leavin me today  Vanessa@MommaSalty AwYum chocolate sorbet! She barely even shared  http://twitpic.com/67azl
@stephenfry Tinkered with open-source Virtualbox &amp;Win7 yet? Would've loved to have seen you @ Hay. Always unfortunate timing for students
Last Tonight Show with Jay Leno Tonight!
ahhh i think my legs are burnt  they hurt
I think I messed up my backI missed the @retrorewind announcement   Something about being flow out for a concert? Can anyone fill me in?
Phew long day and i havent gotten to work yet
@tommcfly say hi to metraveling to L.a today to see grandpa in hospital..Yet another road block to cross fro my family
@jeremyfritsche your understanding would require taking paragraph 3 out of context. But para5 COULD lead to opting out of EVERY class.
A sweltering afternoon no wonder the creepyJust found about ten typos in one story in the Plain Dealer@Levanah_Gates am also gutted...the end is nigh  x
Oh dear godi feel really sickGetting ready for a long weekend of work..friday Saturday and Sunday
HOMELESS afterJune 1st.......
sad that school is over gonna miss all my friends and teachers
We will be changing our name again  Please stay tuned and follow our new page once Ophelia barks up a new name for http://dog-wuh.com thx!
@Martysixnine  How vile are peopleMe and my sister is listening to goodbye my almost lover by a fine frenzy. That was me and scarletts song. Makes me sad.
@CaitiCaitlin I know but unfortunately I'm one of the fifteen bazillions of Americans without health insurance.  awesome
Good! luck you! I want new shoes  Ly x
I buy the team Zotz and they decide to roast me.
@BeansOnToasted NOOOOO I hate traffic
Damn... Why does it take so long to install SBS2008?!
@bjcash AHhh FCUKKK...i missed out AGAIN  You must fill me in with the deetZ...see you tonight?!?!!
@monkeymoosh Happened to me the other day.  Was wearing a necklace that made a white spot on my chest.
Very annoyed by my braces. Cheek is all cut up and can't eat
Just fell asleep for 2 &amp; 1/2 hours so missed both chances for first-look Hollyoaks@jennifalconer I haven't heard Greg before I'm scared @cln0103    hope all is ok.
@punkpolkadots ya i suppose so...wish i cud hv thm bk
healthy food is NOT helping my hangover
Aww man. @Wired arrived. How-To Guide-less
@KaarinE Me too I need the sudden urge to do it. Missing the Diplomat title
@KMC1121 lol... im going to log off for about an hr lolz b4 I lose more followers  keep the #NOFAKERY movement going!
@minneappler I'm all out of life preservers@rachaelblogs Good for you Rachel.  I have nowt
@keylahtia yeah its goin to vmail now.. I CALLED it while i was in the store.. no luck
@bradleemeredith Awwwww@lell I live here and I don't see all these great things
a bit worried...
I have one less follower  That makes me sad and I feel like my life is dull and uninteresting.
@Anjeebaby @aileenwilliams Please don't get me watching BB too
My 89 year old grandma in Chicago is having emergency surgery today....
is still pretty depressed about losing her hello kitty necklace
I'm getting me &amp; my family ready for Kaylee's graduation! It's gonna make me so sad.
@capcomms It was BuckFast. Brain just went blank
@thankthatstar i have to tell you that i accidentally screwed up the layout of the lautner_daily community
@AskCarrieLee CVS is that like a genetic brand?Poor you@barmak9 Shiraz event was in an 'anti-bahai' center.not in a mosque or in election campaign.Sadly children wr involved in zahedan
Still can't find my id and is going to be very VERY upset if I can't go out with my deltas tonight
@tommcfly you and the guys should come down hereomfg. one of the worst days ever!
no viewers  and and @steff_blehhWhat happened to the weather??
@tobiefysh I really haven't got the hang of these hash tags have I?
Looks like it's going to be a upset for Venus
@FionaKyle didn't have my camera with me  totally regretting it now!
Ummm. My kid just said &quot;fucker&quot; .. Like minutes before his gparents are due to show. Everyone knows it's his mom with the potty mouth
Internetneeds to get over this fever grrrrr....
Every pair of jeans I own nowadays is very tight.  I think mah butt gettin big (oh!)
Radio Royals AM Transmitter has packed up today... not good   Anyone got a spare in your shed... lol
@TeeRibbzz ok Mr. Man help me out with some followers.....  PLEASEEEEEEEE
1 week post my&quot;horrible35 hours in the sun=rash
@Mr_Kimbalicious Lol! I was just walking  I think its all the polish I used while cleaning earlierhome from work today.....son is sick
the weekend is about to begin! Got an idea for a project that I think would be cool -- just not sure I've got the time for it right now.
urban think fail. chai latte is not good there
@melissa_beery Yeah little rough this morning but more tonightback from dinner w. my family. i'm not meeting christine anymore  sunny weather tomorrow and a day out &amp; about. i want red bull!
@Bwadoo that doesnt look good at all.
is gaining weight.  rather
I lost my artistic abilities
My jeans that were once two inches too long are now about five inches too long. Holy cowI miss my 8703
@Emma300 Guess I'd better look out for a new best friend once those VIP tickets have been used! You won't want me anymore!
shout out to all the people goin to prom &amp; iish &quot;damn i kinda miss high school&quot;
Back from a very boring 20-20 cricket match in Canterbury. It's supposed to be big hittingI'm so sad that Cage on Daisy of Love went home this week  him crying made me tear up a bit..
puppy I wanted was adopted yesterday  I guess my dogs don't get a little brother anytime soon. but at least he isn't in a shelter now
If you followed us recently@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/5kahh - omg i read Night in english class! so sad
never trust someone else's battery operated power tools when you're in a hurry
my sunburn hurts
@tommcfly say a hi to me tom  please please
Nobody's home tonight. Except me. Alone. Sigh. Oh how I wish @MysteriousLover was here
where is my melly belly when i need her ?
@ my sisters crying my eyes out@brookeburke i found out that there's sushi with fake crab meat and it's not good for you
Just home from work!!!!! Need to continue packing. Raerae is gone for the weekend.   Mya and I are hanging out
My graduation day... And i feel like a failure...
@Littleradge shit your in trouble now  why don't you try with one of those companys that buys your house for you
@ddeeaannnnaa89 already did... index finger@shadowcall I'm sorry to hear that.
@LindseyJaffe Loved the shoutout on TweetHamptonugh i need a job but no one is hiring
oh my gosh  this is the hardest decision of my life! who do i chose? Jonas or Green DayI ran out of white and yellow oil paint   I may have to add &quot;Utrecht run&quot; to my list.
Its not looking too good outside  if this continueswalking back 2 wk. Its a beautiful day. had 2 njoy it b4 it rains
@Beadz2Pleaz I think I might get some of that today.  My throat is killing me! It feels like it's in my lungs
@itsjustgoldie Why are you insulting me? What did I do to you?
Can't believe those idiots buzzed out the juggler.
3 tweeets {:    FGS tweekdeckkk hates me  -cryyyy
Poor Lil J-Man has a fever. I can't wait to go home and hold the little man!
I fat-fingered the Coke machineDone with the Missourian for the day. No call back from Sturtz...
SMH!!!! Im sick with this bug that's going around..Almost everyone I know is sick@H0TCOMMODITY thanksawwww bless her  she needs another chance.
My beautiful lil cousin @SjFindlator is going to prom today...SAD  I can't be there..but I know shes gonna look BEAUTIFUL as always...
@ArsenalSarah she lookd soo freaked out!!poor wee thing
Stupid sun i  actually have to work now
Now Im crying....  Poor thing..
Ouch just burned myself making soup for nico...
@brenna_boo jealous  can you add 'and I really wish nicole was here..but we all know what she's really doing' to that tweet?
@zanzoon omg!! I saw something about a flood in your area on the news... be careful zaina
aww i can't believe that wee girl on bgt was crying@dylanxtra my fly? but but but he was driving me insane  aw you made me feel bad now
Aww Holly Steel ... Dont cry
@sheagunther Damn@shoesandbooks Lucky you I have to wear a name tag  I feel like x-mass tree when I work Tag@rocked nope i have a fifth generation ipod classic  it likes to be dumb
@djgraham I think @darkmonkey has found it (http://bit.ly/3pj876 Ahhh feel sorry for that little girl  can't watch her crying xx
is sick@MorningToast Once James Cameron touches something and revolutionizes it... someone else comes along and fucks it up
anyone have a verizon fone i can borrow for the mean time while i get my replacement?
Trying to figure out how to personalize my downloaded Wordpress blog!  Not as easy as I was hoping   Any suggestions?
i got in a fight with ryan. now hes like crying and im just dead inside. sigggh
@datachick That version is not compatible with Vista.
Yikes. That poor girl on BGT. That was quite hard to watch
Cramps . . .
First Natalie and now little Holly. This is mean
aww i feel so bad for Holly
why is everyones tweets about britains got talent?! i feel left out
@mitchelmusso  i can't call you im from Mexico and i don't know the code
Somehow I have yet to accomplish a fucking thing.
Wait... @DamonAndrew and @Uchenna3... Electrik Red or Richgirl?  I'm a sucker for the later
@JEFFHARDYBRAND  Aww bless hope the phones okayy  x x
@Soph_Ichigo She tried to carry on aswelljust because you're a superstar it doesn't mean you have to do that !
@Trickiliz13 ohhh baby!!! PDGG! ahh! im missing it! ahhh  hehaheahaaaa
shit got to go do the grocery.. I almost got no more food  snif snif...
Awww that poor little girl on BGT
@gfalcone601 I know right  Poorpoor girl! It shows why they shouldn't put young people in competitions like this though (.....) -
@icklewabbit OMG you aren't online. Shock horror.
@shtoofi  i know the feelingCan't paint anymore because of the light
@MandyPandy32  awww for me I just think she's tooo young or just not ready for it - tis painful to watch her so upset
wtf happened? i have no feed
Omg ! BGT making me cry  . That wee girl  it's soo sad.
@beingnobody aww that is sad
#BGT Quite an awkward momentMy last full day of even day classes. I'm a little sad
@Littleradge  I'm not even in your situation and now I'm sad. I'm sorry@casgetta what's wrong?
Brian (cat) still hasn't shown up...I feel sad and sickgetting ready for work. boohoohoo i dont wanna go to work!
@kaydub I am using iMovie 08 and it's still not bad. I am afraid to hear what is wrong with 09
@Slayer_89 I feel so sorry for her  hope she dnt cry 2nd time
@redbloc whats twhirl? I've some work to be doing over the weekend thank god so I'm probably going to miss it red@YAphilJ phil! I miss you gracin ya with your presence I haven't been on much  what's new?
@nikkeekristen Yeah@eBlondie I know...heartless souls
@westlifebunny my days been aight! been cleaning mostly! went to mcds to check for hader toy..no luck  so i ate chickfila
Work in that heat is horrible !
@genejm29 I spoke too soon  Still a nice eveningWaiting for my cell phone to dry out.... it went swimming in bowl of water earlier
Being unable to have booze on a Fridaystressed beyond BELIEF. need a nap
@davidcrow @cspin and I supposeawww poor little girl on britains got talent
Left poor fred!(boyfriend) in the alice in wonderland ride !  oops sorry fred! Argh!
@hollie__ Aww bless her. She's one of my faves
@Nahtuhlee Why no sn... o. yeah... Sad day.....
too many meds. sleeepy sleeepy. I hate being sick
sees the finish line disappearing in a plethora of emails!!!    WAH!
@xxAnnaSxx oh I'm sorry for that. how old was your grandpa?
@gfalcone that made me cry  poor hollie xx
#BGT That poor kid
@KittyBuffieKat I know Buffie. I am sitting in my office instead of going to see Ms. Kane. Major bummer
&quot;I think you should know this. He's going to break up with you. And I just had to tell you. I'm sorry. I know you love him.&quot;
I need a new iPhone case but I am broke.
is sad his wife is in Florida while he's sick in Lexington...
@laurenosaur I would love to but sadly I have to work
@starfish1211 - what! That's so horrible! I'll be praying. Poor thing.
no phone  i knew i should've charged it last night. SIGH
@mitchelmusso  imnot aloud to call you!but i think your awesomeily!xx
stuck in anniston@robertpwilkins i should have left them alone. now they hurt  so no run and adter i fianly had a shower and washed the paint off ...
So off work about to do what I don't know I'm exhausted
wish i was going to prom!!!!  oh well..going to go wish my girls good luck!! then going to good oll APPLEBEES!!! yumm
@mattchung I GOT IT! i hope i get off of work in time for UP   want my job?
@wonky73 I'm just too busy these days to twitter or blog
Bad day  The day you realize what mess you've put me through will be one of the happiest days of my life...
Checking out Twitter Trying to find people I know....Unfortunately no one I know uses this website
i can't find my tennis racket!!
soI will be missing all of the 1st game tonight. Maybe i will get lucky and be home in time to watch part of the second.
@suzziequeue  Yes thanksfour shots of novacaine in my mouth  my right cheek is totally numbHelping my cousin get ready for her 8th grade dance...she is growing up
@justkappa hey there hunny! I have missed you. No calls..or emails...
- thats my hair guys. oh dip i gotta go!  on-ee two minits leff . . .
@justinobey I forgot that was tonight! Was planning on heading down to the Cask@AngySTHB  Its not funny. The bump's not going away.
@jmelencholy I'm having lunch already  ur a lil late buddy!
grrr hate when i make careless mistakes on docs i give to my partner
OmgArghhhhhhhhh... i can't keep up with these TwitterBones peeps
hey @mitchelmusso please reply me@whatabout_ken that sucks  If only I was there to hang out.
@Kate_Butler I think/hope they might put an age limit on next year on the back of that  #bgt
@noisemaker_ aww thats too bad you lost it though
This is how much hair falls off everytime I shower. It's more sad than disgusting  http://yfrog.com/6p190aj
@sherryaperez  aww mamas... I hope all is well. Get some rest beautiful! Muah! Holla.
sure miss Chick@mishacollins Yes it does. Please dont' go. If you die I will cry.. which normally leads to small animals getting harmed
i am not feeling well so i am going to sleep now
Just broke her dresser shes had since she was three
Josette....where are you??   I looked across the pondFeeling tempted by high volume of jeeps to start an &quot;acura wave&quot;. Me too!
Brought cat to specilist. May be ectopic uritors. Doing ultrasound. Surgury would be &gt;$2000. may need to take him back to humane society
@MandyPandy32 I hope for her sake she does could it could get worse
once again i've spend the day studying. SO BORED of studying but i still have 3 chapters to go
I hate sitting at the doctors office! They told me she is running an hour behind! AWESOME
Ow. Sunburn hurts!
Had a great day...but slightly depressed.  I don't know what I am going to do.
@XO_SUFI_XO yeah and when you are not working at paying jobs(volunteer/intern) the $ tends to disappear rather quickly...gotta slow down
I have a stupid headache on my day off.
@Aerinea ugh. it sounds like a busted cable box then  what time zone are you in?
sorry @tayfoI think i pinched something in my neck.
i wanna do something tonightonly an hour left with my iPod touch
My tattoo is ticklish
@jessmitch fml...i have a good idea. we steal phil back and give my dumbass cousin those cats. jk. i'd feel bad
being bored at home! Tomorrow i've got to work all day!
@TheEllenShow but i went out and bought some nail polish ellen
sitting in the car with my cat. he keeps meowing and i feel so bad
Watching maxium 100. Why can't I look beautiful like those girls.
so many things to think about when preparing for a marathon.  aye dios.
Watching WALL-E.....it's so cute but sad
I scratched my iPod
@angisori It's not a reg gig yetAND I didn't get the job
hypervenilating cuz i just watched keith urban's new video!!!   trying to calm down and im realizing how far away august 13 is!!!!
@qcmartinez it's cloudy and damp over here too. i hope it doesnt rain for tonite's track meet  i'd hate to do interviews in the rain
watching britains got talent@michellecpa  ugh headache   i just wanna go home
@Silkglove thats bad your been forced to watch that  there must be a helpline you can call ?  we are both good thanx he's asleep
@RealJessicaAlba Aw what about me
Sitting at the computer... I should study...  But I'm not right nowI don't feel good.  .My throat hurts!!!!
@CroSimpleMinds Only Tao in the summer?? That is not many
http://twitpic.com/67di2 - This is what I meant when I said my skin is terrible. Plus sunburnt chest.
So tired and I have work at 5pm  #fb
@kennethlim working on a logo &amp; I keep getting click happy  Its mefalse alarm on the house
i feel very ill. i think im dehydrated
Gutted. The kitchen is empty literally EMPTY. No even kidding. I'm so hungry
I took my antibiotics and I still feel like crap
&quot;Stop your twittering&quot; - Maryland cookies #bgt
@rosieeejones i agree with the whole Hollie thing
Ugh! I just realized that I have to completely redo my tweetdeck groups! Pains of computer being wiped clean!
would like to have a gaming system
ree-heally hoping the rain stops by the time i get off the metro at courthouse. i didn't bring an umbrella today.
But I have cause I missed a lot of classes
still having a hangover
shack idol today(: can't wait. it's gonna be funnn poor cameron. he fell ON A BAR in speech today. i felt so bad for him
going to work soon and so excited!  ugh id rather pluck my fingernails off
What happened with her??? Why is she being so wierd all of a sudden???
i would slip and fall... on the dirty school bathroom floor. fml.
Oh... according to mom dad is going to try and take 2-3 weeks off in Sep. to go to Austira@Chris_Gorham awwDay 26 is in town. Wish I could catch the showI couldn't find P4 so I couldn't show Brantley my feet  and now its raining
enjoying my couch for the last time
The city officially smells like dead fish
@candicotton not so good
http://bit.ly/61Aam   these dogs are going to die if somebody doesn't save them!
@Maliceve yeah mine is stubborn too.  you just gotta keep trying until it does@smaknews sorry about that anna wintour repeated tweets!! sooo sorry  somethings up... | was wondering abt the quad tweet ;)
The Rain Makes Me Sad. Its Like I Want To Kill myselfI think I killed my 6-mo old bromeliad. need a new pet plant.. or not.
So my alarm got changed somehow and I ended up waking up at 1:00  I feel like half my day is gone
Hmmmm where is everyone my house is empty.  am all alone.
@fresnorock where's the love?
Want to get a Blackberry but can't afford it  . Just watching the telly and relaxing. Hard sesion tomorrow.
@BrennaRE Oh yes..i think almost every Tuesday in June. Which dresssI dont like the dentist...they make my gums hurt
@damohopo no not properall these follow fridays make me feel really unpopular
camping this weekend. boo   i dont get any signal out there...its torture
Last official WVBR DJ shift EVER! Sad Day   Listen online at wvbr.com.
What to do this weekend@Bensue aww at when she was cryin tho...i want her to get thru...i feel sorry for her  shes so good tho.
STOMACH ACHE!!! Ahhhhhh
I'm in dire need of a second job@ajandtjsmommy im sorry
Im trying to move and get up but it just hurts to much...
@Beadinpath Hi Heather. I dont know why... but I just saw your messages from April!! Have not been very twitter friendly...
I want Dec to be my dad
@cecinievas omggggggggggI also concede to my first Twitter grammar fail.
I feel slightly sick now  #BGT
has applied for OSAP yet again- Godeuhm i'm french and i don't really understand English . poo..
@adam_griffiths Ohodd i tried to call mitchel musso but it dosent work....
New crisismy deep fry drumsticks were not as good as i thought they would be
But now talking about today@spizer that's what it is in mathematica. I just meant that I automatically hit the button twice now.
My twitter isn't updating.  How am I to know what everyone famous is doing!?!?!?
What's with the gloomy weather? The sun must be too tired to come out and play  heading to victoria gardens for some impulse buys haha
At work... supposed to be a day off but too much work to get done for PLM World... sigh
Taking 40 underpriveledged kids to the circus 2moro. BIG day planned &amp; I still aint feeling 100%  so nervous right now..
@jeayese Plus you guys have IceTV@Itsjustme_Nicki Sorry....I have to go.
Does anyone know how to scale a pic down I'm trying to change my pic but all my pics r 2 big n I keep cropping them...HELP
road test booked. i r scared
@cashstwit Maybe something's just wrong with my phone...it's still not working
@isacullen Ohunlucky pants    today: lemonadeashley tisdale I need to go to ATL@andybarr I was going to but I'm stuck with it as I seem to have misplaced my remote  It's extra bad tonight as well :|
@KJB6609 Momentum works!  But Jeff will have a hard time from 42nd.
Spent the entire morning in a meeting w/ a vendor@chelseasms it's not sooo noticable it depends on how you look at it...but I know it's there and now my iPod isn't perfect
Anyone want to stop by Carl's Jr and bring me a chicken club?  Can barely walk...
I think i may have found my next apartment. Just one downfall.
@Jayo240 I don't know how to use this
Bored now  - Must improve my Friday nyts lol
where's my new @NylonMag
@ItsBacker I refuse to get excited as I don't want to be let down  if it happens@stackmack I wish I couldn't wrap my head around it  Hopefully it'll wake up some people that say/think &quot;racism doesn't exist anymore&quot;
@Annnnnaaaaa lolOMG..5 days till 1st state exam!
@gfalcone601 i felt so sorry for her. some people are being really harsh about her cos she was given a 2nd chance
@steve_merchant I agreeShelf from Ikea fell off the wall. damage done...about $78.95 worth. Or at least thats my estimate.
@evienyc: AwwNeed to dye my hairmy stomach is bleh!
@AnKuAlGa  get well soon!
Is going to miss seeing everyone all the time
That's exactly why I prefer to give money and play outside the house. Stupid Internet connection always ruining my instances!!!!  #wow
@xLaau Laura elle s'en fou elle don't like the french fans
Every time it rainsHeadacheIts so hard letting her go and seeing her cry.
This is not a happy tweet
@itsthegrape ROFL  Even if I kept insurance and payments under $300@ddlovato where are ya headin to for your family vaca? i hope the paparazzi leave you alone
Man i cant belive that you did what you did? Everything does not look as good as it is..
watching Jon &amp; Kate plus 8..can't believe they're divorcing
someone take care of meSantana - Maria Maria (The Wraith)  ? http://blip.fm/~7a10a
Sick daddy  send prayer his way
@mleshock Noooo! Poor SE
@pinkalici0us argh! color me jealous! That rain I asked for the other day still hasn't gone away
Jay Leno's LAST NIGHT..Jay@Wheeeeeeeeler  lol awhhk wats da chances holly gets through den?
@Senfaye Me too. I found out about it a little late and couldn't afford it
@FTSKirstin i know he cant beIt's hot.  I could turn on the A/C@simplyvannesa heyy i have a sis of 1 year with 5 months and still she don t want to walk..
@isaacnow didn't know you were on twitter! Coming to the show tomorrow?? Lorraine can't make it
So sad you didn't day Hello to me  @Jonasbrothers
@tutugirl1345 you could say that. I left it in VT and have been Blackberryless since Tuesday Night. I'm lost
@bmoney389 Lmaoawww i've lost a follower i fail
@JessikaSay awwwh - i'm sorry  i hope you fell better - watch a film ?
Ohhhhh Barcalona. Please dont ruin this  #bgt
@improperhostess what!!!????  where are u guys going!?
@EmeraldAshlee yea he said brooke's gonna come over to record today!  @CHANiCEDEVONNE!
my monitor won't turn on. This can only be the work of my mother.
@gingeebee  sounds horrid@LimeIce  I dint dump anyone. It's always me who gets dumped and blamed. That's why I don't believe in relationships. #twpp
@BrandyWandLover won't be able to manage 3 nights babe#BGT  ooooh tooo weird for me
Why are tea pitcher things so hard to find?  I haven't seen any hereBurned my pinky.  great way to start my weekend thats gonna suck anyway.
I try soo hard toget what I want.. &amp; I always end up having a goose egg..
@morlhon  that's bad as it affects all the languages that run on the JVM. Too bad!
At tweetup locjust got home...I was @ work to get the key 4 tomorrows douple shift
@gronumbulator yeahOhhh mecramps r eew  shall hug a soft toy to my tummy n zzz the pain away
Too much food at today's company gill outhttp://twitpic.com/67fcj - what i have to resort to wearing today cause i haven't finished my laundry. lol.
@ohayemily you okay bby?
@DaveDinsmore miss u guys@ausaudriel Well I asked you a few days ago and you said money was the only thing holding you back Saturday or something
@Puertorok57 n'dito  I messed up your nameUgh..just starting another 2 hours of behind the wheel for drivers ed
@DeliverImHungry You are right.  If you ordered a static IP it should have been set up.  I apologize if it was not
Having a boo-hoo day. Things just suck today
He's shy...............but it's cute ily. but you don't see it or know it &lt;3
@ashleytisdale: cool that you liked germany and the awards! i saw you on TV cause i couldn't come to the comet and see you live  xoxo
I'm terrified about the surgery next week
@GettingFreedom @AmysFinerThings We don't feel too comfortable using it. It's not awfulI don't think that im feeling too well. all the suddenAnswering detailed questions via Twitter can be very difficult. It's a challange to get everything in to less than 140 charactres
@MATTHARDYBRAND What is everyone saying about the supposed nude pics of Matt Striker? Hope he doesn''t get in trouble
@Skedaddles that is very true..
Watching Jeremy assemble jr's new radio flyer bike!!!  Jr is sick with 100 degree fever  taking a nap.  This will cheer him up though!
graduation next sunday.. im going to miss my class
@tinyraisins Im in so deep its disgusting. I would even take a LITTLE help. BUt alas i sense it will never happen . . .
had to pause tvI miss @digital_dragon and @motoash  I wish they'd talk to me more often
@jeremycowart I love #polaroid - such a shame they don't make the film for it anymore
I quite fancy Gregg on #bgt. Singing wasn't as good as his audition though@Willie_Day26 awww manHeadache
@chelseytx I don't have the app that does it
Oh no!!!!! It's raining on our Sea World parade  http://yfrog.com/0wvnpj
@shanedawson YOU SHOULD TOUR!! *lol* I live all the way out in Tennessee! :-P jk. How would you do that?
is very angrrry! my FB account just got deleted- WTF??? all my poems I have ever written are on there
my cat just fell off my bed lmfaoOne of our favorite homebuilders declared bankruptcy. McStain homes out of Louisville is closing down. http://bit.ly/c9iJr
@lizzerdrix The stuff I got was precariously close to ricotta cheese. It didn't help.
i feel like i'm quarantined everywhere i go... pinkeye@MissBernardo i'll do whatev but i dont have anything to wear
Have slept all afternoon and evening after getting back from NYC. Now feel bright as a button. Probably a bad move
@jingruz you can have the sun too. It all sucksExtremely busy weekend. So much work to do.  Can't wait for Summer!!
Oh.... great.  I think I'm getting sick.
No @clairabellejp tonight @skc0602
Poor balcony sealer guy. Stuck in the rain.   http://mypict.me/20Oh
@PoyntlasLove it was  i dont think i can look at her now without feeling heartbroken lmao x.
@Mangowe You're welcomewe dropped the baton in the 4x1.  so now i'm getting ready for the open 400. wish me luck!
no boby will not talk 2 me
@WESH  That is really sad
Or maybe its just us ....
@ChewwyUwe http://twitpic.com/66st1 - please let me freee... I can't watch you masturbate for much loongerrr!
@mayankdhingra yeah... i guess my password was also changed... i was not able to login my FB  cahnge my pw again ...ufff
Too busy at work today to trash the cubes of vacationing team members
I'm hungry  wife is at a Bodyshop Party and is bringing a takeaway home with her - how much longer will the party go on?
I hate Windows.  I miss my lovely Ubuntu   I'm such a nerd haha
; Another friday night cancel.  probably movies with just Ashley.
This heartburn may be the death of me.
@ego_assassin @slinka sucks about your cat... hope you guys feel better
Sick......and no it's not the swine flu atleast I hope not
@neoknits -- That's got to be hard. My parents have been apart most of their marriage  For 6 months this year t &amp;I will be 10K mi apart
Ugh. I have a migrane
Whaaaat a strong rain just came over us here in Santa Clara. I wish I could sleep but I got to attend to an important meeting
My Head Feels Like It's Going To Explode
Sunburnt  Gutted! Hope it's faded by tmw!
I can't go out when my heart is home sick  even if it is my bday@agentrickard Oh no!
Need to get an adjustment@Kyle_B_Judah i am too old for Vegas
am sitting in the library with eyes half closed cause havent slept in a while coz of exams
can't find her favorite Nike shorts
Why is it hot in herrrre all of a sudden?
@ursusfidelis sry about tweeting so much
But anywho@PinkyNKOTB Oh I've got that one &amp; the stp x step one on VHS. Tried connecting our video to harddrive to copy to DVD but didnt work
put a pot of eggs on the stove to boil..and forgot about them..then remembered them 45 min later! wonder if they'll still b good
Ouuchh! I hurt my index finger!! ahhhh
Really struggling with my packaging design
I'm really full and I feel sick
I keep pulling out my knitting at my desk and then putting it back.  Not good!  Not good!    T-minus 15 minutes till release........
@BrittanyASnow LOL YOU ALWAYS FORGET ME
@JustPlainMeg im sorry  i wish that i was there instead (it would give you a good excuse to get away from him) hehe...i love you &lt;3
this is sooo crazy i have fever..
Its going to be a very long weekend. Very long.
@rvca i had a blast at the sale today! had one pair of cords mis sized tho  but still worth it! might come back tomorrow! thankssss
...getting our site transferred over to a new server ... this is going to be quite a job
Just finished curling her hair!!!! And now has to finish getting ready but doesn't have a ribbon to put in her hair
Guess I should have called  See ya.
@kwwheeler  What's all your fault?
@gillianre no they didn't!
@ebassman Right here! Army Wife in Germany! I can't STAND that I cannot be there this summer!
@beley It's so not like me  I'm in the middle of coordinating a 3-point move: stuff from IL --&gt; old NYC apt + all stuff --&gt; new apt.
I'm being a lazy bum..boo for jack he always works on fridays
@gregverdino I can't believe you tweeted that. It was our special moment
rushing to sitter to pick up my 103F-fevered preschooler
I swear its so hot I dont want to leave my house  Is it hot where your at?
@SidanArchion It's all over now...now I have to go talk to people in Melrose...cashier@TimothyTheron hmm sorry@3spur I work at Schneider Electric@ChuckGysi  oh sorry - I misunderstood. I'm not 100% sure but I'm thinking there isn't
ouchNow standing because my tailbone is killing me
So freaking close to getting my car back. Told me I could pick it up then call back to tell me there is a crack in the mfing windshied.
does not want to go to sixth period.
deff workin this weekened
@ChantelleDaily sold out in 6 storesJust finished taking world geograhy final!!! I think I did bad!!!!
@MegsEggs i know its such a shame  i think they've got a good chance &amp; i hope they do coz they are different aren't they &amp; great :]!
I'm all scared and bruised.
Medicine Man Oh Medicine Man where for Art thou? FEELiN.... FAiNt... can't....go .....On (lyin on floor)  `````````
Weekend looks sloppy  Looking forward to a great week with great customers!
@misspache  Yahead hurts and I feel sick  and I have to go to work tomorrow
@OhBlee awww@nicola_prigg pah - she isn't ready for it poor little mite
@HaleyFaye  Why?
#bgt Will Holly take being paraded on stage again for potential rejection?
@travisjestes  never have good dreams like that.
WFD: Lasagna. Still 45 minutes to goummmm i have no idea what im doing but my friend is pissed off at me now and i dont know why she hates me so much I NEED HELP BRITNEY plz
has a good heart... or so says the doctor. Except that the doctor won't be in until Tuesday afternoon to put that in writing....
@MightyJunebugg nooo... as a font connoisseur i can totally relate dude@HoptonHouseBnB I know - no probs. The driving bit always gets to me this time of the ac. year  Which bit of sea are you going to? Aber?
@FreyaLynn it's too friggin late now.
Almost 2 more hours then i'm out of work. Time couldn't go by any slower.
at the direct selection tool who is being stubborn and not working for me today.
R.I.P little bird that flew into my window snapping his neck
i got stung. by a bee.
A long and stressful day coming up tomorrow. Have to write responses to EOI; doing a colleagues job
i have so much homework  i think i am going to hide in a corner and cry.
AAAAARRRRGGGHHH! there is a huge spider in the towel pile@adrenalynntoao I've been readin your last few twitts. I hope your ok
@rolandsmartin Awe Man@ausaudriel no money atmOn runway 2 hours
#bgt It's a shame that the Dreambears won't get through
just took my best friend of 13 yearsNoooooo worst news ever today my tattoo artist is moving omg what am I going to do!?!?!?!?
@thisisryanross I won't leave you alone until you accept my appology
@natalidelconte I bet you received lots of hit from that tweet; at work i cannot@Smokeroomsocial I'ma say you should smudge yourself before I start calling people given the malicious action we pulled the other night
How to get a $40 trumpet book - get caught in the rain with an $80 trumpet book ... oh dear  NY
@kiteman1 yeah unfortuantley  Sam hanks crap bowl that he like rolled along the floor got me out  grr
@xXHAZELXx Don't think you would be happy if you were...
wants to go back to charleston
@Doodlebug18 I'm sorry darling  anything I can do?
My grandpa just told me he feels useless. I said@MrJRGregory Im 20 - believe me@MrJRGregory Im 20 - believe me@canadian_diva yeah I know! other than youtube rip I don't know how to keep it.
i had navy blue under my black nailpolish for a while and i think it stained my nails a little..
@melodykid ahhh i cant go then! i could've gone at like 1
just doesn't understand why this thing wont save my photos  Defo uggo! lol
@vicenzo2009 No star replies to me
Someone just sent me a random phone pic of Asian cats (with the paws in the air like in sushi/Chinese restaurants)@thepresidentJx3 should I still come? Its gonna be a while
Never got round to buying the ice creams in work- took a call from my lawyer which knocked me off kilter
Guess this is a 24-48 hour maintenance.. I'm so sad I miss my friends
@mleis hence Jew on Jew. Not pretty. I'm sorry
Dead gerbil
I am so tired!
&quot;And now my mom and her friend are drinking.. Greatt..&quot;
@Need4Sheed_com Ohhh got it. It's the 8830 I think  I miss the Pistons  I really hope Joe D cooks up something big!
frame damage... car could be totalled
My logic to getting a short prom dress? Last year it was so freaking hot I was dying... Look at the weather...  hahah just my luck
Had a totally chilled out day relaxing in the garden in the lovely weather. Shame I have to go to work tomorrow
@Mwissa Really? Can you send it to me too? I don't get the internal emails.
Traffic is horrific on 695..I jus wanna gt my dog
@pixonu its ok mate I stayed in as well  losers aren't we
@mfhorne why go winchester when my sister doesnt go there any more!   bad times.. x
Club day at school &amp; I can't go b/c I hurt myself during school by trippin over some1's backpack.
@PinkyNKOTB  lol - thats 51p less ive got towards the cruise!!
@sarahstanley I shudder at the thought of what she was thinking she'd do with it if she'd managed to reclaim it...
@cartermason bummerJust tried to sign up for @Foursquare but apparently Knoxville is not a big enough city  Will Knox ever be on the list?
@LaurenConrad when I tried to go to her's I got this message &quot;That page doesn't exist! &quot;
@love_primaDONNA lucky.. where do you live? im in vegas and it never rains here...
i hate going to work.
Being attacked with cola..... all sticky
Sorry everybody! Apparently Twitter isn't sending me my updates.
@PerezHilton  that's sad. Trauma... Future serial killer...
Ugh I have a hedache; I may be cheapmy eyes hurts..
@soapylove I saw that - unfortunately it happens to be on the same day as my high school reunion   I will have to catch you next time.
@Shar_Music I was not hugged
two hours till our offer on the house expires  no word yet! Come on people@mileycyrus I miss you...  come over and say bye before I leave!!
My wedding next Thursday and I'm ill
does want a lot of things right now  and i cant have them-yet.
@Jennifalconer I don't know if I can bear to watch Hollie tommorrow nightbeing re-admittedNvm@laurawrholmez  I know! they were running out thoughwondering if anyone has seen my cell phone i cant find it anywhere
Stubbed my little toe this morning on my file cabinet ... and it's turning black
@DanfromAston I have heard that about a lot of programs like that@theloudninja Not by choice.  I have to use it for that one project that never ends!
I am trying to upload my background from twitbacks. its not working
@KelleyLCarter: Yeah@msfeather24 You're the one getting married on me
Why does my boss have to come in today.....
@thatlass as much as i love to be hopefulmy pic didn't work
@BitchNotAPerson I can understand the fear. I feel that way about many things. You really need motivation to overcome it. Mine was guilt
Hey every1! Do yesterday was my prom and it was the best. I wanna go back in time :] Ima miss every  new picks up soon myspace.com/risound
GREG NOOOOO DON@T LEAVE ME  U SHUD HAVE GONE THROOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! im gonna find u restaurant don't worry lol  cry cry cry
@beherenw lol must contribute to the destruction of language...awww
@RyanSeacrest that was such a tease!  I cant wait til Sunday!!  but then after that@jr_smith1 wats i got luck for u guys to beat la!! lol i would like to see this best wishes to the denver nuggets but my cavs are done
Just had a horrible experience with a dentist.  Had a crown made that doesn't fit right and they won't fix it or give back the money.
Ok the thunder is scaring me
Was late todayPlaced a $2 bet on a sure thing and lost.  no more betting for me!
@fishkutta omg kool. I'm not on the road
@KaseyTheGreat I submitted my resume the same day and saw no answer back. Oh well...
@SEXONWHEELS  thats itNnnnoooooo!!!! Just learned we've got a frost warning for tonight!
Under sooooo much stress lately
Gees can this week get anymore horrible....now i cant go to spain
@sand67 so sad...sorry to hear that.  She was a sweet dog.
My Sharpie is running DANGERously low on ink
@problogger I know@JDuckworth I'm so jealous! Wish I could join u. It's so cold in LA right now.
Poor little Holly will be up all night preparing her act for tomorrow
@NikkiCrivello i've got really bad arthritus in my left hand. I cant use my thumb at all
@ricanitaliana89 u really don't think so?  maybe ur right....lol. btw what phone u using? think u told me b4...i might have an app for u
Hmmis sick and it doesn't seem like i'm getting better
@misst7 yes@DonnieWahlberg Mr. Ddub how bout' announcing a new date for the NC shows? please don't leave us out. i got my refund 2day for 5*
@ProudKiwi missed you by 10 minOMG I'VE JUST SEEN WHAT HAPPENED TO HOLLIE! POOR ICKLE ONE
manwishes zak wuld trust me enough to give me bac my necklace  i want it backhttp://twitpic.com/67i90 - My plans have been ruined
great cant eve locate my phone! there goes 200 down the drain
I hate life at the mo@chante4dannyxxx Nope probably revision  Hbu? x
Husband Went off to bed@simonruggles I would much rather you didn't punch yourself in the face...it might hurt
@prd3000 AlsoComputer is packed away. There goes my life. Right into a cardboard box.
@itstayloryall you didnt include Taylor in the &quot;Follow Friday&quot;
Phoneless for the next couple of hours. No one to blame but myself.
@AndreaaaB ooops! the last link is the same as the first! sry my mistake
I need a job to keep me above waters...thought I had one but apparently its &quot;Casual&quot; so now on the search again
My flip flop just broke...walking in downtown seattle
is a lil sad bc I wont be able toeat a hot dog and Big Kahuna cookie sandwich at the Ranger game tonight!
@jonasbrothers pleaseeeee .. it was the only thing I wanted for my birthdayyyy!  please say happy birthday to me!
i have a headache
Heyya guys! does anyone know how to give formulas to create a sudoku? Please help
soreeeee throattttttt
im feeling like ish!  i just wanna go home and go mimis
Dad asked me why I was sticking my tongue out while I was ironing@ceramicheart gonna go home and TRY to take a nap. I am emotionally exhausted   ... I will be in after.. &lt;3
I have a stomach ache... Totally sucks
@donotrefreeze THAT'S A SHAME REALLY
@Fortyisthenew20 i was stupid and didnt get it@donnyosmond Were getting old Donny. I got one starting high school next yr and one going into the 7th. Where have the years gone?!
Here at work still feeling the pain for my friend wish I had a magic wand to erase all the madness
Omg@g4tv Batman: Arkham Asylum@avstansfield omg i had a meltdown when he died/actually died in real life  av got the box sets!
@callmaggie After I water the plants I am headed to the farm. Don't have any popcorn for the goats   Katnip is looking good under saddle
slightly burnt challah  The proof is in the eatin'Why would someone even do something like thatMy dog is sick. I love that little doggie. He's usually so keen and happy@karate_Kid congrats; im still jobless
@loveeamber @item84jeremy it sucks no matter where you are! I'm gonna freakin be late for work!
@dimensionmedia @refreshboca? what is this? is everyone abandoning me?        ;-)
@Impala_Guy Yeah unfortunately  The flight is most expensive.....the rest is not so bad - the flight is ca. USD 800 - 900@MamaKimi  hope he is ok!
LOVED &quot;Drag Me To Hell&quot; and &quot;Up&quot;...yeah my Spend the Day Studying plan didn't happen
Moses and his girlfriend broke up!
@MissTinaYao yea. I was off today luv. I shudve told u.   anything exciting happen yet. And I saw u last night
Feeling awful@BBBaumgartner  sad day. I was lucky enough to realize it before I got out of the parking lot.
Sad that Gmail chat has died@BrandonJhon something we all need sometime
i don't feeeel good. :/ my head hurts. and i have too much homework to do.  schools no fun. :p hehe
Anyone have some advice??? I need it!!
@Japes_76 haha.  weird?!?  no sunshine for us
@flyersonthefly http://twitpic.com/45r61 -  saddest thing i've seen a while
@x_crazyangel oh nooooSorry if I'm confusing anyone. I keep forgetting to @reply. The desktop Twitterific  is not so terrific  Very different from iPhone app.
@maraslj I miss you already   come visit me pleeeeease
I just stuck my finger down my throat and there are a bunch of bumps on my tongue &amp; throat.
mail cameDarts and lunch at Horse Brass... but no beer for me  http://bmap.us/2134
@jonsedar I'm jealous. I have so let it slip what with the baby and all. Not sure I could even do a half right now
i cant sleepOUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.........that really hurt!!!
@sunleo727 I'll stop by for a bit when I'm off.  But have to rush to rehearsal - no quiet for me tonight.
@EidolonNight That's kinda sad. And they're poking me while they're at it. Huh.
@Amanda_Holden I must admit though@exorre Our raid leader made us run drills to practice switching
Wondering if i cld make things any worse than they already are... answer.. JUST DID!!!
after 5pm and no email. looks like i'll be waiting at least until monday. boo.
just found out my friend's dad passed away yesterday
Been job hunting for days. Media and non-media jobs. No lucky  Anyone know of anything???
@LezmirandaPOW *humming* hmmm hmmm hmmmm hmmmmmm Touched for the verry first time..... Hmmmm hmmmm hmmm hmm hmm mmm mmmmm ......
I really should be doing something more productive@beccaschlagen Oh no!  I hope you find your kitten
@McFrezco - whoa. &quot;sack chasing whores&quot; ? that is soo out of character for you to say that...  bring back my sweet Superman
@xScarlett_x How did your Geo ISU go? I swear I just had the worse day ever..
@chasingsunshine I'm sorryWaking up way to late = bad.  Getting yelled at for it later = worse.
Damnit Day 26 is at Northpark mall..I use to live near there  someone steal Mike for meeee!
I hate how MS makes me feel. I can't control my legs 2nite &amp; am in too much pain - it's driving me crazy  Anyone else get those moments?!!
no one wants a #VirtualKiss
Didn't get chance to pick up my copy of Guitar Hero: Metallic yet
Yesterday I didn't do much because I was just lazyWhy do i never get to see my paychecks? It's not fair@asco will the presentations be available online during the meeting?  The poster discussants are going so fast I can't write fast enough
I was expecting the sun to come out today. I guess that's not happening.
@konst4nt1ne im sick  if i wasntMy boyfriend just broke his wrist@scottisafool  I had a analog tuner the MC team gave me few years ago. No inbox driversI need help Twitter world! Orange theraflu pills...are those going to be the drowsy or non drowsy?
Omg@mileycyrus i thought i was your best friend
FATTY! omg i just found the worst shit out and idk what to do i need to talk to you!! hopefully i see you when you get off work.  its badd
@ChrisGBaillie aaaawwww wont yr brother blip things for you  LOL
OCHH ive got blister on my foot over the sun today its soo sore  i supose yas dnt care hah just thaught i tweet it anyways
� miss my future@jamieaiken919 *JEALOUS* I desperately wanna go shopping@juliestrialtrib so sorry to hear that
I don't remember the last movie I saw in the theatre@Carolz_S I know McFly gonna be in Brazil  Say them hello!!!...I wanna be there
@xXSam_01Xx   dont leave us !!! whats up ? xxx
@garycford I gotta sayI want to change my twitter name but I can't think of anything
Feel hurt. in car. gonna watch a funny movie. someone talk
I hear it's a scorcher back home - all we've got here are clouds  Back in the studio@PotFace sorry i didnt reply earlier  i feel better now.
sighs. where's my candy
i dont know what gonna do on my lame fridaay  maybe see me with my besties!!
Awe i feel so left out
I am sad today
@annief1 had a panic with the car .....
history project
@markhoppus aww mark  that makes me sad I got mine on presale.
Happy its the weekend...LOVE has knocked me down ya'll!!!
ug i think i blew my phone interview  i like them!
what a day!!! motorways and trains noooootttttttt fun
has finally got some Zyrtec for this terrible allergy attack.    I hope it doesn't put me to sleep before the game comes on tonight.
@cyrusbaby I miss you...  come over and say bye before I leave!!
Not looking forward to the upcoming week...My better half will be gone all that time! It's TRULY GONNA SUCK BIG TIME!
Didn't realize Animal Kingdom closes so early at 5:00 today. Now I'm stick in the exit traffic
srslyMy foot still hurts from stepping on a spider...owwwwww
@SEGA small? we cant choose?
So jealous im not at asylum right now
Starting my 2nd shift! Im going to miss like an hour of the lakers game!
@Ponyless soz i neva saw this message till now...if u add then delete me i cant see any messages uve left on my page
No more spending the day chatting with Steve on the computer   Now what I am I going to do at work?
OPS sorry  Queen Mom
http://twitpic.com/67jzp McFly concerts through the years [H]... Don't have my '06 one though  :/
@AmBamThankYaMam so i spoke too soon.... &amp; my weekend may be delayed for like 20 more min  aaaah i gottaaa get outttt of here b4 i lose it
gear troubles all day long!
@Shamoneyy I wish my mouth wud lemme chew all tht.. Pause...I def wud love some of that..
the tummy monster hates me
wow my grandma passed away....I'm too sick to even thinkneeds a new job either closer to home or worth the drive
i wonder if there is a life after Alzheimer's caring. beyond despair. poverty sux but commerce is futile. there is no description. mommy
Work is an evil whore. That doesn't let me check my text messages
@JodiOKeefee what on earth happened to wentworth's page?!? i'm devastated@mareyachristina haha i shaved all my facial hair off except for my moustache cause i thought it would be cool! But it made me look gross
Just lost my internet signal  how will life go on
@willnoon I believe the address is 300 Ottawa Ave. NWAP: North Korea could opt for devastating land assault... http://tinyurl.com/nmg9ht (via @Drudge_Report) Scary talk to say the least.  mm
@therealpickler hey kellieAHHHHHHHH!I can't get miley to notice me......
i dont know what to do on my lame fridaay  maybe go out with my besties!!
To cap things off@arsenal_fann coming up! Sowwy!
what an awkward day. it sucked
I am in so much pain I really don't feel too good. Couldn't eat my dinner
@astropix Yeah I just accepted UBC's offer last night@mikki_kayla02 Sorry! I didn't mean to ruin the rest of your day
My big mistake for today is falling asleep while i got lots of things to do
@ShabbyGomer wish we could have surprised them and gone to H@Jonasbrothers @ddlovato you are disappointing me......
@HerMonkeyMan I don't think @JazzyHale22 will want to come back  (guys read your dms)
@JonnyRadtke i'll miss you when i go to future kill hannah shows
ha im so glad it stopped raining.  my umbrella broke today
Is trying to recover from a broken heart....yet again for the 2nd or 3rd time
have a biiig headache.
I have started to fear weekends since joining German classes
I am pretty confused.. leaving is the best option and I know it will benefit me.. but I don't want to leave behind what I truely love
I wish my cats were indoor cats.
this darn cold just keeps getting worse  i bought some hayfever pills just to try out maybe i've had that all along
late for @mobicamp  sick kid at home@MeccaDonna  well hit me and we can see...it depends then
The random article generator on Wikipedia led me to: http://bit.ly/EMtcw which I remember playing before. I never got past the 1st level
@riskybizness23 You never write back babe.... my feelings are hurt
plus it hurts seeing sum1 you love falling for someone else!  not even kidding im wellllllllllllll gutted. xx xx
Back from the gym! I'm no expert or anythingLast day at DMA over!     a million sad faces.
Going to buffalo wild wings to meet up with my best friends I haven't seen in forever! Too bad I can't eat the food
i am on BLAZE and my head hurts.
oh@mileycyrus i thght i voted bt i dnt think it workd!  Whats the link 2 vote for u! Nobody deserves it more than u do. Ur so talented. I&lt;3U
don't feel good
@BananasMel Tried and no good but thanks anyway.   Off to youtube world.
I wanna feel my chin
had best get revising over da weekend got an exam on Monday for 2 hours!!!!!!!
is allergic to you...Oh NO!
My breath is weezy.  No more going to knotts when you've been sick all week.
I'm feelin sadMy back hurts...really bad
@MizSocialite it's 2 big I can't Use it 4 everday use
I have a headache. Also we are dealing with a lice outbreak. My lovely hair has been affected.
@receptiongal  hope your day gets better soon!!
Wtf i just found out that the 20th annual NJ state chili cookoff is tomorrow and im gonna miss it
@secretidcrisis Sorry to hear that@SnowVsAsphalt Not at the momentIt's not monsoon season in Telluride yet@Bells83 Never been to the USA before  It would be great to the cruise/tour next year. Whatever it is its gonna be a blast
feeling like I'm gonna fall asleep any time now but I can't.
Problem with my must do list is: once I write it I usually forget where I've placed it...1st thing on my to do list--find my to do list
@WeWantNEYOnVibe Knock You Down is playing now...again!!! Cna my day get any better?? I love it!! How r u? Missed u
@dcorsetto Ugh my trousers do that too and I've never found a way to combat it! It's so weird
@iamhuntersmith yepfrom seeing all my koreans buisnesses failing.
Hey @itsmskay sorry about your headahce
Class until 9:30  yes on a Friday night...
@tshirtterrorist no sign yet
Where did everyone go?? boo got no-one to twitter on to now  Wonder if I can con some innocent un-suspecting people into talking to me??
Trying to calm down kitten.  She is so rowdy.
needs to find SOMETHING to wear to graduation. lol can't find anything!
...And omg whats this dirty letter from Danny everyones been on about? Its absolutely none of my business but I still feel left out lol
lighters get lost in remastering the same way socks are lost in the dryer  ? http://blip.fm/~7a6ea
Nooooo! Its going to rain on my birthday
@LuvToSparkLe oh i hate it when that happens. i when i transfered universities i had a hell of a time transferring my credits! lost a few
is sad she is going to miss the Dream Team party... but i didnt RSVP in time.
@AYEJILLA &amp; @andrewEMT suck at trying to scare people but are good at killing naps.   http://myloc.me/218m
@HalfDeadPrince i always wants those.. but i would look really dumb!
SB 239K.  Flop A Q 9.  4 players check. Turn 9. I check call 200 bet. River brick. I check call with trip 9's with K kick. He shows A9.
@cutebug yeah same here... I have a bit of headache too... ick
@captainflashman wish i could eat pizza@Remy_Foster Still not working
@RobbieBarnes weaned myself off it
So broken now
Hmmm.... My whole body feels sore!
...waitIm worriedsometimes the fact that my health for the lack of a better word SUCKS really scares me
my day is starting at 2:38pm. woops  work in less than 3 hours...
IN PAIN. my big toe got stomped on during the hokey cokeu. it's throbbing. anyone have any suggestions to heal it?
man im so sad school is ending  but then again high school might be better :O
just picked her kids up from Challenger for the last time.
I wanna go homeI need a haircut. I should not be able to pull my hair into a ponytail.
I worked more today than I did yesterdayCurrently drinking effervescent Vitamin C. This sore throat is getting worse...
@TomFelton it wasn't that good tonight  I know DCD though .... I won't say what happened!
It appears I'm going home tomorrow...and it's not a good thing...
Preston stayed home and I don't know why
@JennaVonTweet Ohhh french tip! My faveWhy can't my HP use Dell Dock?
@SteveHealy Oh no! you poor thing  you must have booked the tickets before you realised it was Pat Kenny's last nighthas some bad newss
srslyis sad that Piggy died
@Bill_Nye why so quiet lately?
@greasemusical Hi@NLtommy nope  don't think I will. Thnx for asking lol I will be fine
Here's almost 1 AM and I'm staying with my open window...otherwise I'd suffocate myself.  It's way too warm! Ah ~ I so much miss rains !
@travisricejr Because the ferry that was supposed to take us out changed their schedule. So now I have to fly out on June 30 on a red eye
Work soon. Lame going to miss the @Lakers  Go Lakers! Hope you win!!!!
I need a Xanax and have none
IN PAIN. my big toe got stamped on during the hokey cokey. it hurts so much! anyone have any suggestions to help with it?
http://twitpic.com/67l90 - @lunawoodcock girrrrrrrrlll i'm going to miss you so bad!!!!
I don't wanna be a fatass when I go to Europe. Need to eat right but it's so difficult
@Terrellbrw No money... and No Car...
I think my modem failed-having pc withdrawals..
I can't sleep... And now????
pmg im very upset no just relasie hugh laurie isnt on  xxx ohh
I'm going to be without a computer for a few days
Hoping I at least have fun 2nite.  Today was 1 horrible way 2 start off a birthday
Lunch sucked ran out of time  didn't get anything done
@maureenjohnson i looked for you but couldn't find you amongst the crowd
@karamcdowell I'm sorryMy voice hurts. No We We Rock You the musical singing tonight..
Oh what a day it has been! Stress and thinking about the future is making me sad!
im so sad that im missing the @chiodos show in ohio. it's the first show ive missed in 3 years that's been close enough to drive to.
@jayc1980 @bopsicle called the venue and someone else called - said no tailgating  but we're gonna picnic anyway LOL
@AmyXDD we better be i was jus readin the magazine nd it sounded like London were better than us !!!!!
Our Quinn puppy got a sick.
Fml just ran a mile.. And I just got scraped by my yearbook and I got 1/10 on my math test. Eff today
I was kinda looking forward to seeing Seann William Scott in the office today
He still doesn't love me... I won't ask again
having to use IE =/ firefox is playing up and i don't know why  will try and fix it tomorrow.
Gone to the shiggity shwa. back Sunday.
My Twitteeeerrr babiieshow Ive missed you  I hate this whole not having a phone thng
hugh isn't on it @wossy lied last week
Guess not today
Okay so I'm trying to be happy and deal with my problems and my friends' also. Its hard
@kabobbins nevermind....I kept reading and see ya'll r gonna be in Williamsburg   I'll mind my business now@kristenmchugh22 OhHeading home in the rain  no pool today...guess I will hit the treadmill instead.
@EyeFiCard boo...I thought being on the list meant it would be good to go  looks like i'll have to get a CF adapter for my dslr!
Dropped my lei off at the cemetary.
@drsteggy The evidently didn't have any of the smaller ones   I will keep looking.  I got a keen thing though for $7 that should do...
So bummed that I can't see LTJ in June  hoping for a UK yoke soon
@purlingsprite that is a bummer
@kdritchie77 I just tried to go back and the police blocked off the whole neighborhood.  they're evacuating the building now
YAY! My cousin is coming over. I am so stressed my big recital is tomorrow. I tried to practice it and cant remember it.
fuck my life.
@eallen444 oh em i'm sorry  i wuv you to pieces
google wave next@MrPerfect919 i did have 1 n i still do...this job is so dead 2 me right now...
CRYING CUZ PEOPLE WONT FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!
@DaSqUeAkYOne those were the good days the jetsons comes on right after finltstones ! i missed it today tho
Mel? Where Are You You Shud Be Here At My House
is going to sleep. Tomorrow Exam Review
is hating the weather. UGH.
live now! but nobodys there!
wants to screamdrinking lemsip cause apaently i need ittt! IM NOT SICK
gots my beathing suit that i ordered from victoia's secret. but i have to exchange the bottomsWell that just sucks. Good way to make me feel bad
@gettemkbr yo u can't love 1 twin and not the other lol
I've recently gained this highly sad feeling when I say goodbye to someone who I won't see ever again. Even if I barely know them!
@antennaswrvu i can't figure out how to listen to it from the internet
Watching GH. I feel so bad for Carly.  OMGmattress armada needs to play a show soon or i'm going to be seriously sad
Rats the Creative VADO's are out of stock at walmart.com I'm too late.
@lovexoL what happened to your phone
@shivface oh my god im sooooooooo sick  help me
@MrBenzedrine you got your lion hoodie!! mines still a week or so away  what number is yours?
@albanydia Not that funny! I wont jump
Greg Pritchard was robbed  ii am too gutted for words
@misspostit Na@Scaraboo Ouchies. Sorry to hear it  Are you going to get it checked out?
@konstantinshero now my heart isnt cold  but im still missing you.
@jennyboomboom83 I know how you feel Darian is in LA with Bam and I am missing him terribly. And I won't see him until Sunday.
@drerae awww. that sux! my mom has a totally numb finger as well ever since she had her surgery for her hip replacement..sucky.
listening to ryan adams and being sick
@racer108 you shouldnt have to reset more than once  if it doesn't work right the first timeStu is actually SEVERLY sunburnt....it hurts!!!
@leprakhauns trying to have a babyi wanna leave work already! Not feelin it 2day
@ashleygaskins  sowwy. Lover you
I really really really dont want to go to work! 4th shift of the week just to start over on sunday
My back is soooooo hurting.
Recovering from a bad fall at lunch. Great start to the weekend.
:'( big brother in 4 days! This means constant live tripe on e4 and no scrubs to fall asleep to! Not happy
@TickingTimeBomb LMOA! i just quit one of mine@Gemmaboyle I hope it'll go by as quickly as possible.
Still @ hospitalBtw@stephenfry I'm afraid your comments on MP's expenses were hopelessly out of touch with the average person average salary. V.insensitive
but now my feet really hurt...
i cba with it now   ohwell might play another innabit
@flyzik awe! i miss him so much. they're on &quot;vacation&quot;. which has lasted for likeJust dropped my new mobile down the loo.  Fingers crossed it works as I still have 17.5mths left on the contract
@kterwin I keep trying to talk myself out of Australia by thinking of the jet lag  So far it isn't working... I still want to go!
Just as quickly people arrived people have gone  Still hungry must find food!
Poor winston!  Going on a run!
Home Sweet Home by Carrie Underwood makes me sadd
nervous about going out tomorrow@Pworldwide no I didn't
Why does Urban Outfitters taunt me with amazing clothing that's way too expensive.
my son got stung by a bug for the first time  his little finger is slightly swollen.
Really tired JAKe always gives me more work
Head hurts bad
Headed home ... Charlie's at the vet
@ellenmoore08 I would if I was home
I think I may have frozen my butter by accident.
had a great time out in the beer garden wit the boyos !! I think the sun got to me a bit thoughSad that the Statue of Liberty will completely reopen 2 weeks after our NYC trip.
Can't stop coughing
Stupid HomeWork Is A Waste Of My Time !
@jpadamson I certainly know the feeling. Wesley is sleeping and I want to go get something to eat but I only have $4.38 in my account
@MrsNewlywed what happened? I missed 4 hours of updates
At Marlees doc appointment poor babygirl has to get shots
sore head..hope my girls ok
Nearly ran over a pheasant on the driving lesson  Baws.
oww...just bit my tongue
anyone else having a problem accessing their account info on the istore?  i cant buy music and cant look at my account
I have uncontrolable hic-ups right now that hurt
@ThisStarChild *uhum* try that again - unlike the pretty women on here I just don't look 21 any more
14 hours laterOkay@SweetChhavvi sick girl!  trying to shake this thing off but no luck .. How are you miss long time..
My lower-left molar stings whenever it comes into contact with sugar of any sort
@JamieBolerjack still here unfortunately!!!!
I feel sick. And I have a solo tonight at my vocal jazz concert.  great
I've got a headache  !!!
Uh ohI didn't get the job at Berry Line after all.
Working 12 hours saturday and sunday  atleast i'll have my phone to keep me company..
@CameronMonroe_x Hey &quot;Cameron&quot;I hope I make it to the bank before it closes. Ahhh traffic! And then I have to go back to work.
my feet hurt
@SamDescartes  Laws change in the 70s or 80s.   I could really push it bcause gran from BathgateDoesn't feel like working out.  @ 12th Street Gym http://loopt.us/OGqB5w.t
@Mattwerkmeister heyy have you deleted your myspace account  cause the link in the side bar wont work it says its been deleted wb ily xxx
Subhana Allah... I got scare told you i started having anxiety
feels really sick after eating some form of chicken. Why do restaurants make their grilled chicken sooo greasy
has to be in cockermouth for 8:45 tomorrow morningthe sing store won't work.
My dad and Joe Nugent drank nearly all the Ice Tea  i only have a bit left. quite miffed tbh
Seeing people today made me realize I really miss someone. But I also miss my grandpa he's been gone 17 years  oh! but my moms mamagra ...
feeling hot hot hot! honestly us scots are so not used to sun the minute we get some@gregkang ah allergies  you must be sleeping walking at work!
@ox_grace I can't do anything
@DC_Zol I would like to make a comment about the password but I can't on this medium
@samigrady traumatizing moment of my childhood. my dogs massacred baby bunnies and my brother and i got out the bb gun...
@Sam_Fenton i didnt even finish cleaning my room cuz i went to a party ahhhh  ITS STILL MESSY
gives you a Haiku status (inspired by Michelle Yuen)  the sun is shining a perfect day glorious day outside my office
Where's my baby?!
Alcohol  toncilitus  but alcohol cancels it out
stoped broadcasting on blogtv coz they all left  and was on my own and one one came any way xD
Today was not an inspirational photography day  #photography -  http://twurl.nl/jnizbw
Would appear not  note to self...change perfume!  What to do now..Hmm do I get the tarot cards out or not??
You people haVe no idea how depressing it is being at a steakhouse and not being able to eat
The graduation ceremony should be starting about now. I really wish I could be there.
Someone keyed my car.
I am sad because I broke my super-awesome giant paper clip I was using for my Italy notes
i need to read @lizzie123x fic again@kiyoshimartinez - 05/31 marks the end of our roommate era. And you never made me empanadas again.
@binhog737 Sorry about the weather@simoncowelI got really sad wen holly started crying   awwww bless
no longer works at swiss chalet
This weekend is going to be packed full of work for school  No life this summer I'm afraid.
@_finn_ Except I dropped him on my break and now he's got a ding in his side.  At least it wasn't the screen.
i cant believe that its already friday! omg@FilmsRUs oh 2mrw? Yea I won't b there  but maybe next time
If you're going to actually read them you have to at least sign up  no fair!
@pen15lvr they frown on us googling alcohol at work
I have the biggest headache ever. My photosensitivity is getting OUT OF CONTROL!! Help.
misses Nanny.
I miss my doggystill have a high fever
I kind of miss a certain someone already.  andDropping my mum at the station   I'll miss u mum
@mona_tweets I wish I could be there to give you the biggest hug right now. I'm so sorryDo I really look like the gay guy with the dark hair and sleeve from #BGT dreambears?
@rainofashes I would never do that to an innocent individual@annaavila oh noooo.. dont cry  we'll see.. ill talk to krys... text her and see what she says.. we're both pooped.. so idk.
wtf at facebook spam saying that my DAD is my secret admirer
whats wrong with youim getting really spotty and my spots ALWAYS scar... and NO its not because i pick themalways makes bad decisions
gettin ready to put on a show  ugh i really hope ppl dont comee
@EvilKimIsEvil I was sad to hear they shaved too  I really liked the beards. I feel like I'm in the minority.
Tweet riot. I can't download Tweet Genius on my other device
@ amhzz... did u get an invite? I miss u
Not feeling all that well today
Oh man now it's raining...seatbelt now buckled...thanks bates for wishing I have a blow out and flip and burn up
. @LauraLeeShaw Will have to try.  Our Pei Wei closed so I can't try there.
OMG i havent been on twitter all day  going thru withdraws
hardware store guy told me the screw would be impossible to remove since the head is completely gone. will get a 2nd opinion
Ahhhhhhhhh man blew up my amp!!!!! no more shredding
my skin is burning up so much
got through two thirds of new moon in three days@BitchNotAPerson Actually@StephanieBamBam @tjtrapp I can't join your game... it's a private beta
I'm not ditchin i'm barfin so sorry guys  ESOTSM;
its too hot in my room. i wanna go swimming.
#Ajax #php! Just thinking about a concept of autorefresh! @varun_chander made a mistake here
YAY jack won. but downer i've just remembered its friday meaning i have work tomorrow
@Direct2Dell  my mini 10 order is delayed again.  Can I call to add the TV tuner for $20 more??
@PaulaAbdul I was supposed to go boating/songwriting in Cape Cod.. but its cold and rainy
Omg! Why cant i eat. Everything i eat hurts my stomach and it comes right out of me.
@gail_collins I'm not sure I understand how this twitter thing works...
@thomasfiss i flew from washington to calfornia Anyway. Can't take this shit no longer. Or my mind will blow off.
I'm soooooooo hungry right now. DH is still not home.
Soo tired! Feel worn out. Want to go to sleep but gotta go back out
@LadyHaych Totally agreeHeadache.  Very. Large. Headache.  A little dizzy and feel ill too.    Yucky.
@kiks956 aww  i hope u find it soon i miss it. i cnt even use my cam w/o it@NauticaThorn I love youright im out of here peeps.. i hope @twitter fixes twitter mobile so i can tweet from the race.. m.twitter has been down for 4 days  #fail
omg!! i have so many finals to study for !!! i so freaked out that im gona fail
Done! Goin home to eat dindin and contemplate what the night holds for me
Metro from trader joe to 71st closed so many firemen and cops wth happened?! Walking home bus can't go further  ohh
@EileenLeft I am disappointed in the lad. I think he unfollowed me. @ryking is not showing me the love.
BRAINFREEZE
@pillowfarmer So sorry about all that  praying for you
@coollike Sounds awesomei never though i'd be in this situation. i don't like it. at all.
@dvautier Burst my bubble!
@TraceyMmm awww  what did you eat sweety?
Is sad that her brother is having a bad day
oops just unfollowed everyone!  anywayzhas to go to sleep but is not sleepy at all!!
@ThisStarChild Night you. Damn did I give you #ff? If notOK@Chriscornell why isnt everyone with you?
At the dentist for Hopes first check up. Lets she how she handles a dentist.
Super bummed the Whitecaps game plans with friends fell through...I now need to be home by 7 to let the sitter go
dedicating the next 2 hours to cleaning the house
went to the doctors for a physical (including blood work -_-) and the eye doctors for new glasses.
Frustrated with life on a whole new level  Trying to trust God in all of this.
@jwphillips I have no IPhone (poor credit!).    But I cannot live without my cell phone! I am on mass transit every day!
super bored on a friday night
@xirclebox Problem is I have to get it done this weekend one way or another.
is sooo stressed about everything I have to do
@john_370 i thought he was off until next week...i think we have another week to do his ohmygod please tell me with have another week
Trying to find a foreign place in a foreign town  i have being lost
@xoshayzers I'm sorry.
is sad that today is her last day in san diego
waiting around for boyfriend. then off to queens. ... looks like it's going to pour here in dt bklyn. umbrellaless
@Rooks_ nooo  no roo crying. but omg i wanted to slap her. she was singing fine then from out of nowhere- BOOHOOOOOOOOOOO
@CHRIS_Daughtry  FYI Canada cannot see the VH1 preview of the video
owwwi hope it doesnt rain tonight tomorrow my fam. comes to visit swimming pool and carne asada  if it rains the pool is going to be dirty
The balmain knockoffs in bebe make me sad.....I want the real deal...these shoes look cheapy cheapy.
i think my cold is getting worseI don't know how to use twitter!!
MAYDAY?!
more work to do
Sittin at the hospital with isaac cause he hit his head
Feeling lonely and in need a a good friend
I need my car back
My legs are killing me now.  but i know it's a good pain all in all.
Back from town and my Mac crashed on me  but it's better now
I can't figure out the empire puzzle.  Stuck at 36
Dear co-worker@VestaEresta: GeezTook a kind-of nap@charrrbabyy I know!!  effing embarrassing! Eff our lives
Ughwanna b marie antoinetteSo... Inconclusive. There's still a chance i'll need surgery. I see the doctor again in 3 weeks for more x-rays.
WHY CANT I FIND IT!!!
Just found a tink cover for a wii remote but the people i know dont have a wii  fail
@meg_la_mania  it worries me: we read nasty stories about murder@hamoke: these lecturing@OfficialBB  Will we be able to see clips/episodes on the C4 website from America?  Or will I languish reading the news stories again?
@CThun @regent_lord Can't we just all get along?
.....headache
@AngelIVXXX I tried to DM you but your not following me
@myrewyn oh no! Poor thing keep us posted.
@Juicytots yay!! we'll all move!! sorry dh is being Grr...  xx
Just got back from the grocery store. Now I'm starving and can't find anything to eat!
@hoperana nigel really enjoyed itComputer remains dead
This world makes me sad
on lookbook craving everyones clothes  i want a pencil skirt so badddi really want to ring @mitchelmusso but it costs 2 much  dam you credit crunch
@Argyle_SocksO_o: I'm sorry@Sarawkweird I think that's pretty awesome. I could quote LOTR:ROTK for one summerI'm so getting the cold
Feel quite down@Jesse236  I don't have any from you
@joyzaphine Ouch! Sunburn's bad! Hope it's not to sore on your bedding@phunybuny @iamtheplague Wow.  I hope he gets better... cancer can GTFO.
sorry dunners just saw your tweet! totally let you down im so sorry babe  was at work till 8.30 very boooooo
Ever since Orchid quit drinking from a bottle@DoMeZydrate I agree. I missed a LOT while I was away and busy and now it's like a whole new place
Needs to learn lines for show@Impala_Guy Me neither  But it�s getting better
My husband just went fishing   How come knitting keeps you at home?  I need a lady hobby that lets me get out of cooking.
My baby has his first busted lip.
@ritzybee yes - it has put a damper on us &quot;getting to know&quot; Georgetown! Instead he is watching tv and I am catching up on invoices.
I smashed my pinky in julia's car door... Fuck my life...
Not  looking forward to next   wednesday at all
@TferThomas so did you watch?  I'd forgottenmost of itDaddy just left.................without me  http://yfrog.com/13pdrmj
actuallybored bored bored! wish i had something to do tomorrowTraffic along McArthur!  okayI feel bad over everything..  How can I be so stupid? Why was I so harsh? Its my faultso upset
has a tummy ache
yeah its Friday! I thought my sis was coming into town turns out she is not!!  so sad! i miss my babies!!!
That sucks that u have 2 go through that  id b pissed 2
Stuck in awful traffic in the way to the wedding. Ceremony is supposed to start now. Ughhh.
Got my report card back- I was at 88 for my average and i went down to 82  now I have to kick it up a notch!!!
@jaykpurdy awww poor jayk. :[ try to make the drive fun.and eat something soon!have a great show tonight i wish i could goI think Max (my cat) may really be gone
@KidCalloway SOWWY  I had 2 get up at 6:30 this morning
Ahhhhhh i feel ill learning all about non-payment from a client.  For a new business this is a headache I was hoping to avoid
my phone died  and i really need to go home to do my recap for @capstreetteam from last night! aiyaiyah! hate running errands
@Brandystrippers OIsoo fucking stressed out...I think I could possibly lose it
av ad a realy gd day wiv Ciara Connolly at  park gate west kirby and new brighton.. fukin funny bt sunburnt.. luks like drivers arm
j. alexanders... i'm sorry nintendo@JonathanRKnight Oh@alex_lpz yeah text me!!! i wnat to go!!!!! but my car is broken!!
@Jennvy Hey sorry this is lateDamn if there is anytime I need my car... its now! Dammit
@siansburys I've lost count of the number I've rung today already    Were going to WalesI don't like thunder. And neither does the doggy.
ugh!!! i hate my life! no one is hiring! *sigh* stupid economy.... stupid bush
My cat is anorexic
@VintnersCellar If only they weren't in Shelby Twp
@Jamiebower  you should come to Chile and your band too;) why everything  happens far away from here?? lol we're losing good live music!
@BPVorsight thx for the suggestion - I don't think it'll be easy to convince her cold calling isn't aweful tho
Trips are soooo not fun when you're sick
Holy cheese sending things to the motherland is muy caro
why I love so much@martinhavlat aww that sounds sad
Doing my fieldwork databook. Slept awkwardly. Bones all sore.
throat is reallyyyyy sore @Clareies I'm 25 in december that's not good at all next big birthday is 30  after 21 it flys by for sure
MY BEST FRIEND IN THE FUCKING WORLD IS MOVING AHHHHHHHHHHH wat am i 2 do im not a happy camper
please do not let me get obsessed@PatBrough I've been there.  The only place I have flown out of since moving up north. Really pretty area for flyingJust got caught in the down pour
so we got our cap&amp;gowns today! senior year is coming to an end soo fayst!
@AdidasGoddess19 HAHA Amen! Im sooo damn hungry... And I hate knowing my weekends gonna be shit@DreamingMyth why not?
Checkin out oramarecords.com. Got a fever and cnt sleep
@ragavin  is there anything Brian or I can do?
@TattedHairGuy I'm sorry to hear about your uncle. I hope you're okay!
Freakin' frustrated why can't my coach realize that times are hard ain't nobody got the money to buy cookie dough for no new uniforms
@vanriper so how's the new gphone?! I guess I should have signed up to go to google io after all
I am sad... Tanner wasn't invited to the Panthers development camp this year  Poor (other) Glassers. But Calla was@marshallsheldon Probably not a good idea@ddlovato it's quite hard cause when you attempt to spread it@Christe1 So sad. Your mom must be very shaken up. Peace and strength to her and the dear family that lost their little girl
Head--&gt;ache.
@AdamSchwabe http://twitpic.com/67owu - Nice - I had tickets for tonight's gameI didn't get my q'doba today! sad
@Katizzle hehe yeah! but too late hun
@tropigalia I knowThe book bloggers panel is not listed anywhere in the program!   Be there tomorrow at 2pm in room 1E15.  #BEA09
I have ants in my apartment
@thesmartplanner I so wish I could go to your blogging bootcamp in Knoxville this coming week! I'm so close but yet so far.
Phone power is dying!
@heyagainlando Their inability to manage moneyI'm still recouperating from the holiday weekend@Impala_Guy Sorry about you�re mom  But it�s great to hear your dad is the best - then you forgive him the SPARKLE ?
Brianne. Can you call me when convenient? I don't have you # and am not near comp
So not looking forward to hurricane season. 3 days until...
@faffyfoo Yeah ...  I don't know why that happened on this video...
my sleeping child does not want to wake up.....she will be up all night now
@educatedlady lame
@morgannJayy  lol...maybe for you...I still have to go in monday.
@bowwow614 hey Bow when yu comin baxx 2 thaa 614 we miss yu hun  ...614 all day!!
when is it gonna be nice out
Feeling like crap sucks.
im sosososo sadisnt going to the movies!! i got grounded
@ashleymshep yeah girl you betta be on twitter! i miss you. jealous of jen's limo ride
@Kaylalallama:  She's going to beamer for the rest of high school. i'm so sad. there will be no more prn journal.
@TessMorris I considered being a nurse when I was younger but I really don't think I could cope if a baby died
my msn crashes way too much  hmph
@Mitchelmusso: I sent you an other call me back message  x
My back is all kinds of messed upNew phone isn't syncing with my computer...I need numbers
Freakin' HAWT guys at this restaurant...where I'm eating dinner with my father
@LMStellaPR Must have been the night for it. We had a nightmare evening too. You still sick too? Never gonna get well w/out sleep!
Missed the WBC counterprotests.  But probably going to WaterFire with Ben@adamjackson Better than what I did to my MacBook keyboard yesterday! (Spilled a whole cup of hot chocolate on it.)
graduation is done  im a little sad.. anyone want to hang out???
Realized that ManagingOnlineForums hasn't been reviewed on AMZN in May! I'd love if someone would share their thoughts! http://is.gd/JolG
Is have a bad night at work.
@ItsOneTen now you're scaring me.... can't you just be mad? Don't jip the world of your presence
can't sleep without my routine &quot;before-bed snack&quot;Aw. Torn ace of hearts  #Hunchback
@Kikirowr Aw not again!  Feel better soon bb!
Omg i here thunderrrr i wish i was home  i love cuddling with a blanky during a storm
http://twitpic.com/67qv3 - Me at Forever 21  Ethan couldn't be there
Poor Kella is on meds now for an ear infection; she lost her food all over @deannamichelle twice at the doc's
Back is killing meI think I have H1N1...     Or maybe just a cold.
@JYBeliever sore throat (like hurts to swallow) runny nose and constant sneezing
im so tired  &amp;i miss dionee already.
@jeweljk I can't get it to load for me.
back to work tomorrow  whose idea was it to go back on a saturday?!? Oh wait... that would be mine. FAIL.
@mollyissogyo I made room...I don't have a bed from how much room I made and now I'm outta space for sure lolIm so depressed! I got an 80 on my global test
hey @mitchelmusso i tried callin u but it wont let me
Wow@ingridmusic whaaaaaat? oh no! why didn't I know you were here?
@aAaAle  haha ...i'll let you know how the show was ... hope here in romania they will show it on Mtv.Sunday morning I have an exam
My baby isnt online yet  booooo
@willameda I really really hope that doesn't happen.
@ebrettrubin i dont get one? fine! i say texting is way more meaningful than twittering
Nowis at cindy babys house......taking in these last fridays we have together  DR!!! i hope
T.G.I.F to bad i have to spend it in the E.R
really don't mind (too much)) sittin @ standstill@nessa665 this creepy guy when I was walking the dog  I've had my fill of creepers for the day
@LaurenConrad it says Lo's page doesnt exist
Sick. Feel like jellowishing I was anywhere but here...
@BBC_Fangirl Won't let me watch since i'm in the states.  Boo.
the next 2 weeks@jwalsh well@Erock2106 yeah! but too late  lol
Getting ready for my graduation party ........(id much rather be at Hello Marquee or Dane Cook)
@LaraLea awww@apunbindaas ......when I find chays keys  im gonna clean my room up tomorrow. They'll pop up
Just woke up from a five hour nap. I still have a headache.  Medication time!
@patzilla83 I can't have any.
@tine143 I was going to but I'm siiiick  I'm so mad!!!! Jason said I have to recover fully before I go paintballin again! Are u playing?
@marshallochs i don't have texting.....
Because you're everything to me DEMI LOVATO
Have a HUGE headache... don't have asprin here at work.
playing singstar without my fave duetter
i cant spell
@casablancadonna Glad TS brought it! Sorry about ur foot shorty...ur gonna have to relax wit the heels
I really want to go to milwaukee but my sis doesn't want to  well she won't tell me
This economy thing is getting us down. I stay positive mostly but sometimes it really gets to me. Hoping Todd gets work soon.
@GentleSinner Very afriad  I might copy the picture that I just put up... and change it a littleit is red hot bin tryin 2 get 2 sleep 4 ages but i cant
i want  to go to a  concert  from fob now!!! i miss  it   can't wait  any longer ...
Sleep time for me nowhttp://twitpic.com/67rcp - Another one...those were taken at 3 am MET! U see I have a real sleeping disorder
@jillvee If it keeps up like this I'm soon not going to have anything to blow the liquids OUT of!
@SelfEdge what causes the frustration buddy?
ugh! my teeth hurt! its taking the enjoyment out of jack-in-the-box.
It's raining and I'm outside without an umbrella.
Why are young people attracted to trouble? this makes me sad!  @MysteryArtist I never knew
@mitchelmusso i love you but i can't call you cause i live in argentina  really really love you mitchel!
@alittletrendy but he was only 39  sorryEvery time I pay off my library fineLaying in bed til workkk... Oh the life. Definitely pinched a nerve.
@MissKittySF umm well i only go to house clubs and i never go to north beach so.no ideaThen it just HAD to start raining here. ughh... (via @dusktallon) haha you died   what did you do at muskoka
@marting05  I know... he's mad at us... :'(
@hatz94 Nooooo get on now! Haha i'll be gone later
owe i just burnt my hand on the toaster oven
Had a great dayso  im really borde and i dont know what i should do.
Okay@its_sb I killed my furby tooo
@lucashardy how are you gonna get them? I got bitten
4 shifts down@kerryisonfire i just went to find that unity girl on beboIts finally nice out... An hour before we leave
@nina_serafina85 Its headed this way
@thepresidentJx3 no one ever gave me the info I'm sad
Just found out that one of my coworkers in St. Paul (who I actually know and talk to) got laid off. This blows.
Gonna miss the girlys soo super loads! Wish I wasn't going for 3 weeks! It's wayy to long
went to bestbuy today and found that they had pretty much ever HP except the one i wanted to look at
@AndreaKoeln awww@SuprnaturlShana I'm sorry you're having a bad day   I was just looking back through. Do I need to give someone a knuckle sandwich?
@AlpineKyle I am in the 'real world' which apparently involves a lot less twitter....  sorry!
I think the rain killed my phone
Seth Green tells WalletPop his secrets of financial success as 'Unbroke' premieres. link was too long
Missing Nate more than usual tonight
@Glinner I'm sorry. It sucks I can't get spotify free. I would never stop you but I just got 5 links from 3 different people. It's crud.
@souljaboytellem Lucky u Im stuck in the rain...
Also just realized that my digital voice recorder doesn't have a USB port!?!?! I think I picked the wrong model
@markhoppus Are we going to be able to buy more than 1 ticket online through livenation tomorrow? cant make it to LA
@Linebeck Wrong  Besides@elainanic  hope u feel better sweetie
Uh-oh...it's becoming grey again out here. I hope it's not one of those &quot;pop-up showers&quot; on the way.
@kirstiealley After many attemptsis not looking forward to returning to reality tomorrow.
@its_sb I swear mine was evil  it was green and everything LOL
@Kreeoni I can't follow that one
oh no! :| no more celebrity ding dong for ages
@sanchaaaa im sadd sancha  june 18 for me is a fail  its gonna be you and chini ((((((
@NB82 aww sorry ot hear that  least its work though!
@DatBoyXO oh wow...hope he's ok  u take him 2 the vet?
last thoughtsI have class tomorrow and tomorrow is Saturdayone of my besties is moving away
At Home Depot and no one will help me load my plywood into my van for some reason.
ugh! looks like it can rain any min now
do not go to moes mexican grill@RachelDouglas I am totally trying to get back my PCW too
NCP no longer has job placement
I'm at church now..bout to od on my smoothie bc it might be melted when I come back
A 35 minutos... Split-up.
@AnnieSenior what are u talking about??? since when dnt u trust me? this hurts... Im a good secret keeper
@DNK_Anais I feel reeeally bad now.... sorry
@loveyoumoreMJ unfortunately I'm not drunk enough lol and have no money to get drunk  I have had alot though as u can imagine haha
am so bord and wishes she had an ipod touch
@TrillMill I need to go shopping with you...but I need to save my money
@nkangel74 Yeah I hate that too!!!! Sorry ur goin thru that
im scared of thunder
Well just left six flags. Didn't get to ride what i wanted to. Bummer.   maybe next time.
@afwife08  sorry to hear that. Is is a 365?
so sad i wont b able to go to the eugenia kim sample sale in ny. womp womp.
@Only_Leah   i cant help it all this talk about losing our fathers makes me sad
Fuck.. my legs are sun burned...
@MarieC09 My right ear's been blocked up today  bit like when you've got water in it. Any idea's 2 clear it? don't like putting liquid in
twitter is acting weird
@SoleneD i need a job that can pay off all my hospital bills. i have been very sick lately.
Bah DHCP serverIt's cold and cloudy and I have a million loads of washing to do
@ninjang facepalm  hope the interview is a choice and not a forced thing...
@filmscoregeek Thanks for the Rughhh rejected from the 09 mediation program. SUCKSSSS.
nooo i cant be sick...not now! im about to go see my new nephew
So much for just an oil change... Do not pass Go@JonathanRKnight wish you were on your way to Tampa! FL girls are missing ya!
@CHRISDJMOYLES Sorry to spoil it but he didn't this time
Santa monica bound
@mitchelmusso i wish i could call you but it will cost a lot  my parents wont let me
Brand new is playing at the epicenter in July when I'm in NY. Jesse lacey why do you hate me?
@heatherjoy76 I have to figure out how this works!! I don't get it  Hope you're doing well!!!
@mercutiom i know! i just got off the phone with them. it will leave a Giant hole on Mill. + Regions also closed.
I know  I have no clean clothes either. And the washer's in the kitchen  Damn you #kitchenfire
twitcan't sleep... havent finish my homework  DAMN IT !
already crying and the movie only started like 15mins ago
Just passed a wrecked car  hoping everyone got out OK. Finally picking up speed. Should have been in B'mpre by now.
@BonusJonas Lucky. Winter is coming for us
It's STILL not working!! Why not!! This is FRUSTRATING!!!
wowI am tired tired tiredBeen sick all week and still not feeling so wellsorry I've been away for so long exams comin up  plz pray for me ya'll
@riskybizness23 sooo@mitchelmusso Mitchel you have no idea how much I want to call you!! but it costs loads to call from england!!!
Please read my blog http://amandallynn.blogspot.com/ I'm not having the best day
My poor lil piggy  Chuck saws it looks like a cartoon character's toe.
@Saraa_xD Si  pero parece que las personas de facebook no estan de acuerdo  (that was probably all wrongeating chicken noodle soup...... its one of those days
@KComer yeah &amp; when it goes wrong it's the worst feeling ever
Is sad clint hurdle got released. I liked him
My head hurts beyond much.
@ kbal24 I am sorry that you are feeling that way.
@ThisStarChild Did I miss the fun?
Why do I look so awesome in heels yet am so afraid of them?
@batendersblog she had another song out recently but it didn't get that much play
My debit card is going the same way as my credit card@XxHollyJoannexX im home alone in the house and imma scared  x
@jgoode impressive fever!  best wishes to herokayJust broke my favorite necklace  superglue?
I'm quite afraid to string now since I don't have any .024 wire use
@mitchelmusso I aint got no money to buy any cred to call u  and am in lONDON
@thethermals sorry guys@iesb I'm so sorry to hear that you're in the hospital.  Hope you'll be better soon.
@neon_lights aw what's wrong?
now i dont feel so good
/me really sad that /me can't go to Java One
@AndreaKoeln hmm@Audioprincess  Nice. I just have water haha. Lucky you! I still have most of my exams to go  Yeah I'm okay just worried about exams :/
@turnitgrey I left mine in music...i think i don't have a camera anymore
too bad i'm @ work  ...
@MrsDDoubleU no I want toohey Tweetiespoor bella is in the ER with her first and second ear infection since both ears are infected. Her screams were blood curdling!
Not ready for this year to end
Oh no she stopped!
Headache is coming on
@mrsmicah I'm glad your inside too. Take good care of yourself. An event in Rising Sun?  Too bad you're filling ill or we might see you
flipping out on my hairloss....gotta go to the doc.
These messages are teasing me! It isnt fair.
Scared  waiting for the call
It's starting to look like the @ScifiLeague website may not happen in any form
@Victoriouz tres rude VICTOR!  :\
@arronthomas whats wrong babe?  x
i think the food i ate made me sick.. i no feel so good
Ahhhhhh I got stitches  I seriously cant wait to go to the beach! SUMMER HURRY UP!!!!!!
I dont like seeing my best friend cryHadnt cried in such a long time
there are some really scary noises coming from outside
I can't take it anymore
okwish I was feeling better...I've been holding a potential cold at bay for a few days now &amp; I think it is winning...achestotally having austin powers withdrawl symptons and Darrius withdrawl symptoms and mommy and minne withdrawl syamptoms.
Anyone want to buy me this anthropomorphic planter? http://tinyurl.com/m6sru3 Only available till the 31st
So exhausted
@eeeethannnn I do NOT. I RARELY dye it at all.  the red was the first in aaaagggessss. My hair just hates me.
@jenscloset WOOHOO!!!!! nothing says a hot date night than a squeegee! LOL i'm watching Dora on noggin with my 2yr girlHas a bad feeling that this time next yr@dunnybrasco Im homeit's the weekend but 9 year old is grounded which makes me grounded too
@JustYassy it wont work for me
@mitchelmusso I cant call you from Europe
@LLCOOLDAVE Trying to fix my background
@pbreaze I heard from @ricklondon &amp; @thehilliers you're away. I miss you too  Look forward to tweeting with you when you return.
aw man! have to go@sam_h786 as ur coming on to here im just off to bed  hows ur day been? x
@souljaboytellem hell yea its hot here  i miss cali
I miss the seniors already
@fallenfrommars yeah! but too late hun  lol
@oxEmalieexo: Lol it went okay! As far as I can tell . But then I had to do a test today for geo and I was all zoned out and got like 65%
@fiddlecub Guessing that's a question to everyone. I'm struggling to finish my last university assignment before I can start my summer
NEED A JOB ASAP...JUST GOT LAID OFF AND IT SUCKS
TWITTER WILL NOT UPLOAD MY ICON PICTURE  it hates me. Eff thisSunburn is really bad now. Regretting sitting in the sun without suncream now
Need some coffee... Getting serious withdrawal symptoms
At The Only with @camfinlayson and @momotorontoi like howBy @nikhilbhaskaran Drove a #-mazda #RX8 today and boy@LaurenConrad mmmm lauren conrad eeeeep im going to miss the hills
@jesamine Here's a more appropriate @ tweet... is everything ok  Your last 3 days of tweets don't paint a good picture :-C
Whoa. UP is sad.
@b0nk T ere is a visio document but it�s continuously changing until now.
ughhh my leg is still cramping from my panic attack outside ULU this morning   bloody hurts!!
In cafe managementthey aren't selling jamba juice at my school today  they're going to sell it next week. on monday.
getting ready... omgoshWishing Adam wasn't at work
Still at work whaaaaaaaahhhh
@Mitchelmusso: Am getting upset listening to the say now  I want to speak to you Mitchel but my darn phone got no money on x
It is 00:03 I'm Wrecked  I'M Hungry &amp; I have to get up early. Not the perfect Fri night LOL night
I miss my closest freindIt's so hot tonight  ugh gross.
I wish I could spend my last weekend as a high school student in burbank with everyone and not fly off to dc
@hogaan can you stop working so i can have someone to play with !
the fact my room is so hot is making me feel sick
Wish I brought some warmer clothes. It's chilly here.  only negative thing about the trip (&amp; the no sun which is connected to chilliness)
@azandiaMJBB Oh no! Dreadful thought! Won't you get to spend any time blipping at all next week then?
What happened to my early night? Am about to turn into a pumpkin
Now have an unpleasant talk w/n-laws 2 look 4ward 2....
@Mcpattz ouchJust saw &quot;Drag me to Hell&quot;. Sam Ramei is excellant as usual but the kitty scene was kinda hard for me
@tommcfly Tomthis cheese is fuckin up my stomach
En el salon.. Que caliente el blower ouch
@RealJudgeJules Gutted your not playing Kos in July Jules
I need someone to watch my yorkie.
@mileycyrus i bet you miss trace loads
@ProfLovee why you not go on the twitters no more?   oh bais!
my tummy hurts!
@mkuioka808 You still have class? Ouch
@candyisrad  what's wrong with debbie?
@_Chelsea_Marie wow u might have bad days lately ...  Sorry... Where are you workin ?
I think I tricked out my ankle during cardio yesterday.  I'm getting old.
I don't know what to do about tomorrow
@Rorzshach Are you okay?
driving homei was an extra. got ready for work for nothing. studying all night
I'am back to Tweetie 1.1.1.
It hurts to breathe again.. Why?
26 pin multi core cable goes bad just B4 service
I have a belly ache...
I miss ya@Jovani_Celeste  how long is the delay?
i soooo want to get a Nikon D 90  damn y do they cost soooo much!
imm tired of callin @mitchelmusso &amp;&amp; hearin other convos  i wanaa call himm!!
Everyone on the eastcoast... the rain hates us  let's just all fly to Cali. LOL
@WerewolfEmbry NoSquashed Foot  xx
@WonderlandDream I can't@BigEish How?? and who is Mommy??? I want to call but the phone is still broke
@erin_elaine Our chandelier is here! I seriously don't know how 2 get it through our door without sending it crashing down our steps
Back from comedy night. Great fun. It's only midnight. I'm knackered. I'm getting old
why does it randomly hangup on me?
I am unhappy
@GentlemanRiot yeahAlso@TeamCyrus AHHH! still not following!! Do you think she forgot??
I want a lie in tomorrow! Won't be getting one though
@tinylegacies D: But it is making people unhappy and I dun like unhappiness
@tccrt3r !! WE WILL MISS THOMAS  BUT HAVE TO MOVE ON. SO WATCH THIS! http://bit.ly/r6RfC
@darvin111 you don't even care about thereDoesnt feel good!  but I cant miss work tomorrow!
dang that burrito and toaster strudle(sp?) was just a tease im still hungry
@HolidayParade so close to tennessee
http://twitpic.com/67tcr - Ouch!! Burnt my arm on the grill
@buddahwong i wish you were in my class last year
is poolside. Bowling toniht maybe?? Back to work tomorrow
Ouch...waited to long to get eyebrows waxed
I drive &gt;90mph on a daily basis. u cld film Fast &amp; Furious off of me. But anything  &lt;1 mph is not my forte'. I bump Anything!.
going 2 bed.  its gonna be a looong day tomorrow with the sun shining and i'll be inside working like a (hot)dog! (who makes sandwiches)
@greenphoenix09 thanks!!! But ummmm can't find that option  http://myloc.me/21F2
EughUhh badddd day. Tired and ready for it to be over
If my phone dies I will die too!
... looks like it's gonna rain
@JayFmOnline i hope so. i really need one! we'll see. unfortunately drama always finds me.
can't set up my phone on twitter
@KallieT this is sounding like the worst lurgy ever - the one that just won't go away ..  ...are you ready for end-of-rope action yet??
Wat a nice day it was 2day!me and rachel decided to walk to work and walk back lol..was so warm inside tho
@hopeless_hearts hey@miss_cass my throat hurts today.  blahhh.
How to ruin Friday? Your dad tells you there's something wrong but you should be at home so he can call you. He usually *never* calls
@mateomac l'm on 3 days too matt. No fun this weekend.
Trying to figure out how this works  ... BOO
@scavengerlor hey thought ud be on here most likely@CrossedOutName pandora is blocked at my work  bummed
I'm so bunged up!! I Hate colds!!
back from dr. appt. no real diagnosis (hmph)Oh heyWIDE awakehttp://twitpic.com/67twh - This has never happened before =/ orange blinky lights. I think I've broke my battery again
I feel useless I don't know what to do right now. I'm so bored
@bigkelleh i am sorry  that sucks. i got my overtime in my check already today....now i am really tempted to blow off tomorrow
@marginatasnaily haha..i wont  well il try not..lol... night chick..xxxxx
Hate being skint  Anybody want to give me another job? haha!
Poor Flores! Not happy about the latest news  #Nats
I just burnt my ear
@m_longman yes i am.  but she didn't follow me
@drunkenlovee it'd take jamy 6 months to figure out how it works. I wanted to go see a movie tonight! then i remembered the game was on
i need monies.  school is expensive.
@jonheadley @jsanfridsson gutted i miss that! the one night i try 2 leave early  lol! friends visitin were tired haha!
Major iPhone problems  Wont let me send texts BUT I can do everything else! Can anyone help
@MyInnerTricia it is gay...u have dissappointed me that past few days
@heyheykarla I'm sorry about your car. I feel for you...
@nicksantino NICK WTF I WAS GONNA GO BUT I HAVE NO RIDE. Boo
Sugarland. So hot outside.  why so much hotter than the northwest?
sad ending to the softball season.
@lizwebpage Hmmm...chinese delivery it is. Altho@TFA2431 aweee im sorry  but deep down u know i love ya!
Some guy just said he wanted to spank me
@LysdelTellez I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
how bad has life gotten where u  werecounting on the church50\50 raffle? the answer is real bad
@meekorouse Very cute - I don't think I can make it to MakerFaire@hopei91 I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
Wishing it was naptime
mad the rain got me...now i cant go see jaiden   *|)|/-\|\|/-\*
Miss the newest version on Glade on Debian..
Boredom isnt any fun..Wish I had somebody to hang out with tonite..
@cageyjames NopeIt's gloomy as hell outside today.
@trent_reznor...are you really not touring anymore????  my brother told me. I'll miss ur concerts!!
@tbirdj Oh man@shanselman: first impression is that it's considerably  slower to boot than 2008  #beta1
how sad. last entrance 2cal academy of science was at 4pm. and it was zipcode free day too.
this hole twitter thing is new too meSo much to do this summersorry my bad.
@markharr You'll be waiting a loooong time
turning laptop of. i'm scared  poor baby.
wonders if anyone would care if she died tomorrow
@Tayluvsbroadway yeah  fail times. she was in an accident like a month agostill sick  thinking about naming the puppy june
@Audioprincess  Ah bad times   I hate exams. I feel so unprepared this time as well. Sucks haha.
My blackberry is soon approaching her death
Such a headache  It's killen me!
@Mcpattz I hope u enjoyed it and your back is now feeling much more better  Godtrying to upload a custom background on hereacho q to
@WerewolfEmbry I'm sorry.
Gettin ready to head back to Chi...don't wanna leave Indy  #fb
@lauradanner I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
@saraht578 What software do you use to design sites? I'm a CS student and currently I hard code everything. It's not the fastest way...
has broken off the fb wedding so sadly no longer has an excuse to get @ hauntingxealot to Goulburn
off work early
Thinks she's getting sick.....
At the orthodontisssttt
trying to fix my internet connection...guess my 'prayers' have been answered and i wont have any study distractions  ugh
@jarnmang  Hope everything ok! Can burr fix this?
@abbefied Bummer- that is a bad experience.
Waiting to put my story about Stereo Skyline up. Don't know where to put it. BOOOO
@thatkidkevin my phone died
@mamamikey paramore makes me want to punch babies  lol
r u still there? ? I guess not    i want to talk to you
im in pain@AdamSchwabe Oh no....Sorry to hear that ....
Prayin for dad  in Wellingtonkind of.i'm trying to make sure i have everything yet still look after the boy.hubby isn't home yet
@KSdaisy Oh@Twinnikkib too late  I'm already on the bus goin home  what the he'll u talkin about drinkin tea????
@ryansporn Don't be mad at me.  Please? ::puppy dog eyes::
I took her cracker now she doesn't love me
@nerak35 hello 30stm-fan  another one that's cool. i don't know one fan of them in person only via the net  so how are you?
Working on something exciting... and I cannot tweet about it for several months
@architeuth1s oh no fair.... thats in 9 hours
Unanticipated thunderstorm quashed camping trip
Just got my marks...  BCIT is the death of me I swear!
I hate to say thisFamilies  I really feel for some people and wish I could help but I can't
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great
feels very very sick  hmph.
@StaceMichelle I doubt I'll get one to be honest
I'm really nervous about giving a speech at a wedding tomorrow
Today was horrible. My sillyness caused me a whole lot of stress and head ache and it ended up ruining a beautiful sunny day.
its about to storm..soo much 4 goin out  ..ill just play on the net for awhile
AHHHHHHHH omg Pridelines got talent is giving me a headache!! wtf omg osn !!! Make it stop mommy make it stop
peeling so much!!   ..I feel so bad
@NKOTB So when are you guys coming to Alabama...you were supposed to be there tonight but cancelled...I had great seats
@livlovsmileGRN what happened? I thought you were coming back today....
just wake up.and i got flu  http://plurk.com/p/x2zp6
@saragarth Thank yooou! I might have to get it seen to... hm...  xx
@cherylsayshi i thought it was just me that was like really hot. My room is too hot to sleep in
@markymark7 Omg really??  I sowwy! I'll do it again! :-p I was tired when I did that this morning. :-p lol!
@gosner living in harlemI want to panic
3 days left of school!  For Bryce and Tyler@FAITHL0VEH0PE I guess if you can't accept me....i'll have to keep it movin
@LesbianDad i really wish i could make it! a 12 hr. drive just isn't going to happen this weekend.
@umassdilo PE and AA? That's a toss up. Did your mother have a &quot;fun&quot; time dealing with American Airlines (I assume)??
I left my ipod in the car so now its all warm.
@juicystar007 ahhh im on your blogtv waiting room
I want to go see Drag Me To Hell tonight. But no one to go with
Doesn't feel well and Derek won't get me any medicine
I think I may have ruined a friendship this week by getting carried away
Giving up. Everyone and their cat is using Castle.DynamicProxy2. 3 out of 4 of my dependencies need each a different version of DynProxy2
@marialuvsu i guess ill never have it  but the sad thing is that u didn't put an Alternate e-mail!! cause if u dont remember ur secret
@omoly girl i am buying &amp; posting your pressie tomorrow but i have no fucking clue what to get you so i'm sorry if you hate it
@paulatoole Sorry  I wasn't doing the inviting...all single women I think.
Brittany moved
I don't wanna be single the rest of my life
mom is on her way home  but yay for mother son days! she even bought some new shoes. haha.
is boredfeels a sinus headache brewingGoodnight all! No iPod still but found my old MP3 player...we'll see how long it holds out for.  xxx
I'm at work!!!! Ugghhhhh someone save me now
What a gloomy day in the OC@ubringmejoi in spoke to you yesterday and u didnt respond girl  wassup though!
I wish I lived closer to the girls.  I'm tryna chill on a Friday night!    (@winonapatron next weekeeend! Drink all day AND night?!)
@mia423 Sleeping in for me is sleeping until 8am  But you know I have 3 kids ....
Now I feel sick.
@oxEmalieexo: Awwwwwwwwwwe  That okay. I missed bullet's concert in toronto last summer 'cause i had just gotten into them D:
I should go shower but FFAF is fucking distraaaaacting
not ready to say goodbye to spring awakening tomorrow. ugh  anyone else going to be there???
people are not twitting very much today
@mrsBAUERxo why has it been so long since i have talked to you let alone seen you?? it makes me sad
I am having serious cig craving... head for kitchenmissing his voice
Omg! Really? I just ran into a wall
enchiladas weren't as good as I thought they would be     now I know why I don't eat mexican
Is it sad that I'm a little sad it was the last day of school?  I am so ready to be done with it...but saying goodbye is hard.
Wish I had time to make it to the CFI lecture tonight after basketball
well.. all my slacking off earned me a D and a C   but at least everything else are A's and B's ^^  next school year all B's and A's Esh!
@Natasja_Cupcake I think only 23.  I get confused easy tho. LOL I hope so if so two stopped following me 2. I know one did already.
sore throat again. gaaah. it hurts.
going through security already miss my baby.
Thought I was seeing top shelf jizz. Very dissapointed!
Im not doing the hunt@staceyclarkin More than welcome...would love to do more physically@BriaNicoleSison Why aren't you at blue martini with me??
Just wrote another songKarine Ruby@Deztini tolddd you there was thunder! ew now it's all rainy D: i'm scared!
@hughsbeautiful Is beastypops tired? I wish i was. My tablets are just making me want to throw up!
I cant afford life right now. Everything i want to do is too expensive
has made a decision and will stick to it although I'm really not sure it's the right one
@casper1201     my bracelet broke today too.
@mitchelmusso i would love to call you but i live in Norway so its a little hard
can I just go to sleep and wake up in December when my house is all organized and the baby is here?.. feeling like poo today
@lid86 he already got a shot at having his own show and didn't prove himself
I couldn't do anythin cuz he jacked it when I stepped out for like 30 seconds &amp; was already outside up the mtn when I came back..
Looking for the @japadog in Coal Harbour. Can't find it!
@TheMonkeyBoy I never get them and the hubby is due in next week.. &lt;cries&gt; hope its gone by then
My car has an alarm &amp; immobiliser so it makes it incredibly complicated AND costly! I have no key code neither for the immobiliser.
@PhillyD i wish i could be there!! too much going on.  sad day
@mitchelmusso Are you still taking calls? We were next to talk to you and we got disconnected before you got now.
&quot;your true theatre calling? - musical theatre actor&quot;  i wish :'( xxx
off for the weekend! yay. i gots work from 8pm-12am though  it sucks cause this is like the last weekend for partying and im gonna be at
Great. Now there's a cloud that's really@tommymercedes wish i was but im in chicago
just left &amp; already misses Nashville  be back sunday
Doesnt't want to get up
@Kristen_Oyler Poor little woman with her smushed in head
I think I lost all of my blog posts
off to bed with my sore nipples
@chillingo  I wanted to beta test but saw the thread after the results were announced
@djeebus i cant drink cause i dont have a dd to take of home
@mitchelmusso i called you tooaww i feel bad cause i dunno if nicole is in the city looking for me. she's probably worried  srry hun
So confused about what to do?
sunburnt again
@SaadZaeem nothing much man@gregorybayne I'm so sad I wish I was going to
its getting really windy out there
@funtimeshelly sorry to hear about your dog
@SexyShaq it starts @ 6. But we will be there until they throw us out. Traffic will be crazy!
@Jessimikuh go and see my puppy! I don't want to be there alone
I recommend returning your broken duck toy with the batteis it came with or the person who your giving it to may get mad!!  trust me!
@nofearentertain Just read up on your Mom   Hope she's okay!!
@PBCProductions  Why couldn't you let me know sooner...I can't call out of work on this short notice@samanthai Ahh well he can only spend short amounts of time on because of his mum  You should scroll back at our msgs!!! ;-)
Well@MileyCyrus: Oh. The voting is over!  But don't worryIve got mad cramps in my legs
@allisonlodato YES PLEASEEEEE. i miss you  ps i'm bouts to text you
@itsgabbith hMm well at least you got them out! Sorry about it though  wish you could keep them in!!!
I just realized the reason why I am so sad today is because it's reeeeally gloomy outside
Got a Real Bad  headache
June is going to be a long@selenagomez aww  but we miss you here in the USA.
And now im all hungry and thirsty. and too afraid to go downstairs...
@mitchelmusso I kept calling and calling@Vasilly I think I have some tea somewhere. It's probably old though.
@JYoungS2TS Yaay! I was supposed to goI have a farmers sunburn! Ahhhh!
I dont know where to get my hair cut!
@Jennicricket not sure i can make it
is gonna be mad hungry when I get home. Forgot my money...
@mitchelmusso I wish I was able to talk to you.
@Russzart Ohh noo. Joshua im sooo sorry i was out @o_0robertpatt Why do they do that?!
@vickytcobra i'm sorry your day wasn't so good  does it make you feel better to know you're beating oprah on ms twitterworld?
i hate storms.
@xsparkage LOL that is so Charlie......I miss Charlie
Why can't I sleep ????? Is it too much to ask for :-P
@JennycLiu Oh yah! My dad does that. But I don't have a landline.
@dhewlett I'm still trying to see Star Trek! I'll just have to Woman up and go alone. BF is pretty much worthless anyway  lol
*moment of silence* for the Budget i'm bout to b on  I spend wayyy to much $$$.... OMG! I'm on a Budget?!?!
i look like a freaking tomato  goin to graduation..
@iheartmc I'm sorry sister!!  just think you get to see your man in a bit! That should make you happy. You guys should call me tonigh
HmmI'll have to take a picture of the moon tomorrow night  not gonna happen today :/
Darn itExplains why the Woodman offramp was closed  @abc7 Breaking: 2 suspects robbed Union Bank at Riverside &amp; Woodman in Sherman Oaks.
@Lynne90 wasnt it supposed to have been in for yesterday?
@derwendtde so sorry about that  I have the same issues...LOL. My weekend started about an hour ago!!!
@dreamergirl822 it's really gutwrenching.  So sad
@jordanknight off to bed with fingers and toes and everything crossed u pick me-lol! Hope ur well and got back safeVisiting family in hospital = not fun
I burneded my tummy
@jimyvr Yeahis having trouble breathing through the pain..and now i have a damn fever...   (^~^)&lt;^&gt;
@WardrobeGuy Sorry... What does that mean? I currently have a world phone &amp; I use apps. I'm confused...
@reddevilleanne aww  i guess not that many people are online though...
well no phone todayi dont want to be home all by myself all weekend!!!!!!!!!       what should i do?
i havent gotten any prank calls making me laugh in so long.
My Tummy Hurt
and i wish i gave you one last kiss
My vibe is currently downed.  The only thing amusing me is my Joker shirt. *Looks down and pokes shirt* I want a peanut butter sandwich...
@Dani___ okay@ahr19 YeahThis really sucks@yes_i_am_jes YAY! congrats! i'm afraid to check my grades!
@askegg ArghGary Just tried the Ommegang Chocolate Indulgence: no chocolate@symphnysldr what's goin on hun?  I'm worried about you
Poor Johnny is sick   Looks like he'll be going to the vet tomorrow
i have a headache
@heyrai wow how ominious was that   im stayin in the house. n nobodys comin over either!!! LoL
Really big spider on the floor two metres away from me  am actually a little scared.
I hate dreaming that your at some awesome party and you wake up at homeAnybody else experiencing painful slowdowns with facebook?
WowOh No!!!! I must be gettin old!!!! My mom use to watch this show....I miss her
Moving is hard work! This is my last night in the house I grew up in.
@mitchelmusso i'm about to have to hang up   my fone is getting to hot
Just finished bowling with my family.  It's definately not the same as with my friends
In the dentist chair with a very numb left side for crown prep. Not fun to keep mouth open this long
My tweetdeck won't pull up.
missing cat makes me sad
@loldarian OMG SO srry to hear that
@Jayme1988 Hi SweetiePie!! It's Friday night and I'm .... missing my sidekick &amp; his slippers.  It's just not Friday night w/o him.
I want a new UI  But I don't want to actually set it up myself.
@Rosellyanna lol i know  and haha..did you fall asleep?? or just get bored of shaun :p joke
Friday night... And I'm not doing anything!!  But I might go have some tacos at the lunch truck in Pasadena .... Just maybe.
The engine on my car blew
WellCaught in a herd of somalions
WHY DOES MY COUSIN PICK TODAY TO NOT TURN UP EARLY
@JuliaWo I feel your pain... dont you hate those days
@saamanthajaane :o exams. YUCK    that will be hectic!
@tashamclellan Oh nooo  I'm sorry you can't go!
@mlexiehayden How would I know if u didn't tell me??? Too busy cakin to pay me any attention
Im soooooooo damn hungry!! wat 2 eat??
@HimOverThere aww noooo that doesn't sound too great
shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit advanced databases in 8 hours and 13 minutes  fail
iPhone is doing that &quot;not opening downloaded apps&quot; thing and I forgot my cord at home
@_juliamarie people just don't appreciate nature. it's sad. did the lil dude survive?
@TwoSteppinAnt Damn
I will miss the soccer moms
iamkiara__  im so sick  I fell over last night outside coz I was putting something in the bin
A little irked at the moment
Dentist  my tooth really hurts! &amp;0hhh yeahh I'm with this girl @ashliebrillault maybe you know her? She was Kate on lizzie mcguireee!&lt;3
I'm fighting off feeling sick. Hoping it's just tired. I'm really not feeling too well@Dannymcfly i wanna a picture with uGreenville Drive games just aren't the same without the &quot;Baseball Guy&quot; clown.
fighting a cold.
Aww I have a tummy ache
driving past Tattered Cover w/o stopping  promising myself to make time next week.
@pandjcrafts yeah I'd just uploaded 20 pics &amp; positioned them just rightI need people to shoot so I can work on my new post processing technique.. but I need to show off the PP before people will want to!
@HughHefnerJr uh oh u gonna fire somebody??
Driving home to trade cars  hopefully it makes it! http://myloc.me/21SL
Thinking about Debra leaving in July.
oh!@ChellyBelle I'm chopped liver.
Misses her work peeps
has just finished reading Twilight and thought it was crap...okayI don't feel well at all
there is poor lost duck outside of Olive Garden. that makes me sad
@HimOverThere goshSitting and waiting and hoping this lady would hurry the hell up... I hate moving... It super sucks...
@WordofSouth Damn brahwent on a long 10 mile bike ride today@Cre8tiveSin sarcasm?  i need a PJ to fly to the hotspots and party and fly home for work the next day
@BuzzEdition You're welcome. HeyUghcowering from pain
Can't stop coughingmy phone is going to die too prematurely
@ArtOfDying any chance you might come back to moncton? i had to miss the show tonight
My birthday is on Wednesday. I'm too young to feel this old.
I don't feel good
@greentm what happened yesterday? but phone calls with unwell parents - yeah .. know how that goes ...  .. i have two of them now ... meh
@rickoshea whats up rick??
Man! I need to make-up that $35 loss.. this is why I'm going to hustle this weekend AKA not going to have a nice@ladyjori whaaaat what about your house? You've been working so hard on it!
@SinsualDzires phone updated and she's got a camcorder on her phone now--mine hasn't updated chit  that ain't fair .
It's a sad day when Christian Lacroix has to file for bankruptcy
@crescentdreams everything.  *weeps*
feeling even worse today
tomorrow should be good. but apparently no movies
AHHHHH I needa hurry up and shower before this &quot;HUGE&quot; storm hits
didn't get to see his movie!
@mitchelmusso I'm never calling you again. Your phone is a scammer. It said I'm next and it hung up on me.  Now I can't get you.
Am listening to Darren Hayes's Spin. Am talkin to my wacky friend who's going insane. I ain't at all tired and I'm messed up bout things.
fml. i stepped on a needle.. ouch.. waaaaa  damn drycleaners
wishes her love was coming home
@ Barbs trying to figure out y the dsl aint connecting. I need my google. Going home to my computer if it don't start working soon. SMH
the muscle in my back is cramping up@lyndygirl any suggestions on how to get rid of that lovely gasoline smell? As it is still in my car
Wonders why its so hard for me to concentrate...
riding daddy's bike (yes a man's bike@yelyahwilliams it could be a bad idea@ladymaryann No news yet
good night fellow Twitterati. back to work tomorrow
I got battery acid in an open wound on my index finger  Fuck@officialSPChuck did not understand anything you said
still no date for bon iver next week
still babysittingMy twitterberry doesn't work!
crazy kids won't nap!  I think it's the heat... and I still have to tell them that they can't go to Grandma's cuz she's sick
@Gaylib1986 it was just areply on you facebook status that you were a little upset
blip.fm is on it's last legs
ahh im getting really tired and ej isnt up yet! im might have to go to sleep without talking to her again
Still feeling weird about my ex and her engagement.  My mom made things worse.  I don't even want herbeing at work while sick blows! kill me. i feel like crap
i'm sorry i'm neglecting youWishing laying on my side wasn't the only comfortable positionI've got to meet him tomorrow@Lujee #3aaah mosh 3aref a facebook any more
im hangin out with my cousin holly and tlkin 2 my grandparents.......  my phone went dead
@xsparkage imagine if you really were lost and lost all contact with DT!  that'd be the saddest day of my life haha
I am not doing much  all well!
@selenagomez don't leave us
My back hurts
Well7.53.  7 minutes till 8. This is not my best day.  I`m late for class again.
@OfficialRyChris *waving* you wanna come get DiabloOk.....Twitter is not near as exciting as I thought it would be!
i do indeed have tonsillitis. the only good thing: ive been advised to eat lots of ice cream. [but no solid foods  &amp; im bed ridden.]
@LULuwanderlust whatever don't make me feel bad!  ill bring you a surprise
@kericontrary not  you@iCharlotte My original non-Yahoo acc. was deleted when they got bought-out  But it's not too badhttp://twitpic.com/54khn - I am very sad. They cut down my Pink Tree. I noticed it when I left today to get Betos
dont wanna go to mississppi!!!!!!!! UGH!! texas is my home..... UPSET!!!
bummed about the softball loss 0-1   These girls are so good at only 12!
@verwon nice .. I can't ever get that from my ex!
@jimwtodd I don't know! She never answered me
i wanna go home
@inkyoctopus I always forget SOMETHING when I travel. I am at Newark airport.
Marley crying for more ball throwing....keeps eying me through the door
Life is over! Just went to get tickets for all time lowI'm miserable with my boredom.
blehhh i feel poopie. i have a fever and my whole body hurtssss   FML
@ddrdiva @laurapasik @that70sgrl I've always been a ppl person just hid behind bad self confidence for 2 long  u can do anything!
@Stace3811 I'm sorry you aren't having a good day.  cheer up thoughMissing my baby ducks
lied last weekend when she said she wouldn't get upsetin a very stress mood
Any Windows 7 users out there have any tips on how to make the default install NOT take up 15GB??  I knew it would be big@selenagomez  noo Selena i really wanted to see you soo badly im your biggest fan dont make me cry
@starletta8 Oh that's too bad.  Do you just get sick when there's too much heat? I do
Okay haileys really gone now.  everyone keep her in your prayers.
can't school just be done already? it hurts too much... seeing him every day
WTF? Twitter doesnt support messages from my phone -I wanted to be able to Twit while on vacay.   Poo on you Twitter
@charmand3r oh no!  I hope you get on soon! &lt;3 I miss you and I can't wait to see you again.
im wearing a certain tye dye tshirt at the moment. and it misses its 8 counterparts...
* My besties. If only @ddlovato was there.  on Twitpic: http://twitpic.com/67hac - My besties. If only @ddlova.. http://twitpic.com/67hac
@BrittneyCash Shame about your job  have you thought about working for yourself?  there's big money to be paid http://bit.ly/1864ml
@charlieskies am i too late for a cuppa?
Well this is just lovely.  I am completely flattened by a back injury.  There goes the weekend.
Woa NOBODY is inside the movie theater... Its termenator ppl shud be in here... Scary
grrh my phone (brand new might i add) keep just switching itself off and others are saying theirs does the same
@vmarinelliRVA Parvo sucks. So sorry pup has it.  I lost a puppy to parvo many moons back. Still sad over it. Hope he's better soon
going to look at a bunch of open homes today. just to get a feel for the market. i think i've got a lot of saving to do...
Today was good but some people have friday attitudes...not good
My poor little 7mth old was taken to hospital yesterday. We are syringe feeding him at home because he doesn't want to drink.
Gah... why is my Macbook Pro getting so frickin' hot just sitting on the table doing nothing?
oh no.... please... dont do that to yourself again
wow@DSTheStar1121	REALLY?? oh.. sorry yall  lol
My saying now  http://bctiny.com/po4me
@xx_Megan_xx Thats all i've seen too   5 till 7 is the 2 hours I normally sleep so I missed it :mad: haha
Working on a Friday night
I'm so freaking afraid that once again I've managed to stick my foot in my mouth and scare yet another person off . . .
going 2 watch DogtownJust found out that Anne's brother died unexpectedly - he was only 44.  Warm thoughts going out to her family...
Is in bed not able to sleep  bloody bipolar!
I dont believe in my eyes or should I say on my browser? OMG OMG OMG
i miss my old phone it worked so good until i dropped it  i want a new one for my birthday...
@Haunt1013 Sorry RB is on PS3 for me
@Cowbelly I really want to!! But it's one of my few free weekends that month and am booking clients  Mama needs to make money.
Grass fed beef burgers with sauteed mushrooms and cheddar on wheat buns along with a salad. Yum. Poor Kim still isn't feeling well
Still sick  bout to play some ps3 till the laker game starts
i will be without an assistant for the next week
Startin to get a head ache!!!! Uuuggghh!!!
busy working on a new kit... and a couple interviews done...Yea! The weekend! Pray for my UncleI don't want to sit at home on prom night. Someone hang out with me
Printing from Opera gives me a much better result (but printing to PDF it names it _stdin_.pdf) - always gotta compromise
i get a message that my account is suspended as far as i know i haven't violated any terms contacting twitter now..
@dorr did some research@hookedonheat what was it? I missed it.
@lomara It was a lot of stresszzzzz.. best friend going to europe in a few hours  .. i'm gonna miss her! hope she has fun though
@Lindsay_007 so I tried to send you a direct message and I can't because you aren't following me
@ermadea sorry about your sadness   nitenite love
back home from shopping. putting stuff away and waiting for nets friend to come over. I guess I'll have to put my pants back on
damn im so bummed out right now....nobody loves me
Wake Up..... Please.
@gawhatafeeling Ooooh@moozmum aw i'm sorry  i was rooting for you just to let you know!
Fender is hiding under the couch ... he knows I'm getting ready to leave and he isn't happy about it
Trying to go to sleep but no luck  I think i'm sick... =S
@mathewsanders Floor mopping sounds unappealing
homework...boring
This is not fair... bath again....
today was such a horrible dayy
@killerannax oh no!  i'm sorry. at least you'll still be able to buy regular tickets and not worry about limits?
is nervous about getting a house out in town
@sullivancc14 haha I really don't but I'm going to this workshop at school next week. Are you going? Plus my car is broken right now
Things that happened today:  My younger brother ran over one of our dogs. Yeah. I know.  She's going to have surgery this weekend.
@LisaMongold I know.  I have such guilt associated with picking winners.
my head hurts....
is on allegraI wish I had more followers on twitter
is spending her Saturday morning taking notes for a research essay because some stupid whore recalled the book I'm using. Not fair
STILL NOT DONE WITH PAYROLL. was supposed to be off at 4:30. i have a headache
zoombezi bay was soooo fun!! buuuut my legs are soooooo sunburnt
at my lil sis 8th grade graduation....i already kno dis is gonna last all my life
@ehuffty i can't believe i missed the brewcast.
Oh my LordLooks like I got a defective MacBook
@PeterPolaco signin autographs would be boring I think! Get wasted 2nite! Have fun! I'm stuck at work
@hardertospell why don't you have that song you gave me that song
my car is broke
arrgghhhggguuuiiissshhhh no idea what to do for this modern assignement....  Burma or Cuba???? eeeep help!
sooo im 20 n im just now findin out i have asthma
last day of volleyball miss everyone already. Oh well@knw3 I watched it all online. http://www.musicistheheartofoursoul.com/search/label/Niptuck has the last 8 episodes of S5
@Mszjai nvm i just got ur message that ur sick
Last Heroes ep until Sept  Sick &amp; drugged for past 3 days. Dr says lacking in everythingLove how my printer decided to print all my blacks all marbled - 1hr before an interview for new work this morning.
@mitchelmusso I wish I would have called you. but unfortunatlynoone wants to talk to me  lol
@mneylon I don't know what that meansawake sadly        seeing Leon today !
I wish I didn't have to work two jobs
Too tired
#myweawkness chocolate...i can't say no
just woke up still fukin sick
sigh@laurenbreslin aww i know its my addiction!   awww i know sameee  !  its just more more more !
@SaraJayXXX OMG .. my memory must have failed me! Very weird since I do not normally forget because of my profession!
@SweetThang15 Aww  Yeah I feel you. I know its hard.
@torie007 yeahstopped at the store to pick up some items and debit card is missing
help! anyone know if there are stores that carry blackberry trackballs? just went to verizon retailer; no luck. do not want to order one
taking Willy to the specialist...poor dog! He has to get a CT scan cos he can't walk properly atm
@tmjassociation y does it hurt so much? i can't even chew gum.  i've lost so much weight because i can't even eat
@RealGrace my @Bonnaroo tix are in limbo....as usual  #UPSsucks
At subway. Not feeling good
@nathanblevins Ouch. I won't be down in Miami tomorrow morning. That sucks  It's a cruise? Are you driving back the next Saturday?
Too many cocktails last nightIs losing money in Vegas...
Its been a slow day at homehere comes the storm.....ackkkk
Why isnt my internet working
@shereemcfly09 ooh thats an early start  ive got bed planned for that time..ha..LoveYouJonesy XxX
So sad that Aki is out for the rest of the season!
Wishing I could see N*E*R*D headline @ Fest at DePaul tonight
wants to go home and see Erin
I have no one to go to the spring show with
@ZAmmi *hugs*  I'm so sorry.. anything I can do?
@BonjourHoney Guilt tripsNot legally old enough  to get a summer job outside of babysitting.
Working too hard.    At least graduations are over.
just said goodbye to the younger bro.  #misshimalready
@nicolacrossley. TicketsThe underwire in my bra is sticking out and poking me in the armpit
i fear the spaceship is not long for this earth. it just stranded me and edwin on the highway. there was smoke
http://twitpic.com/67ykt - We are losing so far.....
its weird how thinking about may 2nd totally changed my crappy mood to happiness...i miss @honorsociety so much
own 2nit but i cant go.
to save my heart I think Imma let go! I can see myself getting hurt with you!
Waiting for the Denver game to come on.. but i dont think their gonna win it  Lakers suck lol :p.... Come on Denver!!
@imlostinbooks It's up now@JuliaBronwyn I accidently dropped it &amp; now the screen is all messed
i dont noe what to eat for breakfast hmmmmmmm im so hungry
Restoring my iPod touch seemed like euthanasia to me. I was willingly killing it.
My mom has annoyed the living crap outta meGolfing ended early
Hate to break every1's heart but confirmation jus came in that Austin &amp; Sophia do NOT &amp; never had a twitter  another sad day!!
St joe is dirty.
@vmarinelliRVA I am so so sorry to hear that he has parvo. Good vibes comming your way.
layenn downIt just occured to me..... tonight is Cheri's Prom Night......I was suppose to go with her...... 970 miles makes that kind of difficult.
is watching &quot;Wall Street&quot;GRRRR!!! It's BACK!!!!! And what I mean is my headache  But on the *       *        bright side....it's only on one side!!!! /\/\/\/\/\
@framolamdu omg what a shame about HollieSuffering from  Hemorrhoids.
also I managed to ink half more page. unfortunately page 006 will totally suck@VWayne noo sorry my love...after that i'm going to pop about 7 zyrtec and go to sleep
No waterfront anymore   faccia luna and clarendon will have to do
@dictums honey perhaps some medicine? i feel bad for you? do you have fever?
@sxtxixtxcxh @b0r3d13 but they're hungryyyyyy
I ran over a turtle.
@deegirl825 you're just unhappy to return to occupying the same city as me  I am cry now too.
@mitchelmusso@BullyOSullivan sorry to hear that.
@anthonyamor hey member when we were better friends then you and anthony. That was pretty sweet ha. Way to be a trader for the weiner.
I'm nervous... I hope I get in... this could be a costly mistake... more like procrastination and assumption...
I miss Vermont
i dont feel very good
@alilje why do you say that i'm a dick? i find that hurtful!
@dance2jeffreee lOL 518 that was not the year i was born  lol
@juicystar007 I can't get in@MissJizzle YeahMy friend has sent me such a sweet sms. I can't wait to see youUP is out today!!! Why why why why does my head hurt so badly??!?!??!!?   I want to see it!!!
@nomadiquemc I want to be at @urbangrind
@dougiemcfly http://twitpic.com/67uc7 - can you lend me one? I have a cold too
officially has pink eye.
the trip was really great. but i cant belive summers here
Want: To play Sacred 2... Reality: Spend all day at the hosp...
@HeWhoWrites Aww I feel bad for the lil nigga. He look like he know what's coming
@BullyOSullivan Oh no! So sorry about your pets..
This has been a dismal week.
the $60The day started so wonderfulFeeling kinda nervous when there was a virus found on the computer
cant go to work tomorow. still sick  grrr its anoying me now!x
@yummy411 @Cocoabebe I know@colinmoge  the one day I need to work
@edincoat Oh no  I hope you reach him!
This weekend is completely different from last weekend.
@Savfortomorrow Si@mileycyrus my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better
Sending angry vibes to the individual in a blue vehicle who hit my car in the QFC parking lot on Broad and failed to leave a note
@justeezy  woh won at least you aren't in the NYC situation
@StaceBDU but my bday is JUNE 19.. this is wack... and ihavent seen any promotions for my bday party  someone better finagle this asap!
oh manmommy coming home from vegas tonight! going to pick her up later in islip her plane doesnt get in until 10:40. KILLME. i want my mommy
@kakrisch im jealous.  im slaving away at the store and youre chilling on the boat.
@ddlovato  my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better
@mikeziemer you traitor  whiskey and coke is my aphrodisiac
wish I could feel no pain (8)  but it's ok@glennbeck wish we could come see u on Denver  husband lost his job and can't afford it
I do nothing on friday nights
Jane is really sad because she probably won't get perfect on tonight's quiz without the missing article. Should've asked someone for it.
has a tummy ache.
@Jonasbrothers  my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better
reason #123I have nacho chips...but no cheese.
@RealKeanuReeves   People are cruel sometimes.  I can't imagine being a Star.
Went for run@sandysurap Thanks. They're both so cute. Havent been home for many years so havent seen them in person
@jbdance7  ya i can never watch any of them :l
I sadly have no voice after the Food Faire and The Academic Pep Rally!! I need my voice.
Isss boredddd@JeremyBorash wow@emerilizzie poor kid.  That sucks. Hopefully things look up for her soon. *hugs*
@schambers bud light?!?!?!  up in Massachusetts and no Boston Lager?  Guess I won't catch the next flight   njoy!
Im giving up on twitter. My pic is gone my background is gone..I'm hopeless when it comes to technology!!
aghh mann i missed like half wowp@veddersgirl Will start tonight. Bored. Tired of waiting on Darkward. I am breaking up with him
@kscarter I feel like I haven't talked to you in a really really long time.
@mileycyrus  it wont let me vote even tho im signed in
oh and i forgot my cell at home  thankgod for this crackberry
@MaryleeFOD I am so sorry I missed your tweet  I was on a nice long chat across the border with pastel. Did you want the recipe? email?
waaah.. I can't open my eyes wider! i wanna go back to sleep but i can't sleep properly..
FCKeditor is giving me problems! Posts just fine@ceciliaa_ What did he say about it?? Gosh! I missed the yesterday live chat.. I was at bed.. sick
I'm in a traffic jam
has a broken iphone
i'm a bum today
Just got my dress for my friends wedding. Its a little tight in places. Gotta work out more
still feeling crangsty  but sushi for Marianne's bday (tmr) tonight! then pedicures (finally!) even so@selenagomez AWWWE! I live in Vanchris cornell is going pop?!  i prefer the old chris cornell.
so i have like no more friends it's kinda sad
offically in DC .....  missing my numero uno
@emett55 TGIF is right...I think I broke my toe last night - on my bad foot.
Lack of sleep leads to major head ach
feeling sick. headache. bored. tireddd
@lindyhot oh noo.. i cant see it
Our currency is dropping like nobodies business; not a good time to be going overseas  http://is.gd/JsgL
@JamaicaPanama im missin out on all the fun aww  *cryin* lol
argh! why is the bathroom always closed when I'm late from my break and gotta pee?!!!!
Vent:  No one cares
@efefe http://twitpic.com/64g3b - i think so ! well@thecapillary i noticed that you were on the same hallway....shitty   No worries about the BBQ....I'm hoping there will be more to come!!!
Time for my ritualistic Friday night depression
@caraann aww I miss driving down elmwood
wow its follow friday and i havent tweeted... Fail. And nobody has followed me today  dble fail. *suicide*
eye still hurts  I Think I'll go sleep now...
GAH! I have the headache from hell. Reminds me what my lovely wife goes through all too often
my day is going way too fast
@swiftkaratechop &quot;Jake Cologne&quot; from hollister makes every girl I hug go fucking nuts. Too bad I'm gay.
So glad the days almost over... Another nite of me nd my pain pills alone at the crib lol. Ughh I wish this weekend was over alreadi!
is in skwl now@cleverindie This spine thing sounds no good  back exercises are no fun@SourTwittles Hahahaha! I didn't know it said that@TreoBenny ha! I know..I'm very ashamed.
@Gilove2dance AwwwDudes nothing to doon a friday
Rain on my parade of beer and fire
@jmariu i couldn't eat all my nuggets  finish them for me.
@Boy_Kill_Boy I is angry
Is upset that he didn't get his 24 fix tonight
Oh how today sucks....
@danachs I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
@djcommish @JuneBug143 Awww hey boo..  i know i miss all of them
@ddlovato How hard is it 2 be running back an forth constantly? Ya kno workin all the timeis crying..because the school years over  i wont get to see my teachers!  i wont get to see johnathan.......
Wow. So I hate Staples right now. Majorly. Thanks for being complete fucktards and killing our productivity
Sigh only 1 problem though i need to call Stooopid LIME aka Cable and Wireless and have them reconnect my interent 2 day without net  sads
I think my phone has officially bit the dust.
Sitting in the car. My ipod is about to die so Im not gonna have anything to do.
@nezua i want to comment but don't understand what you're saying
I wish I could see dramafest SO BAD.
@el_juansimon God I'm bored. Wish we could've done something 2night!
Making a list of SiC 2009 attendances
at work.. missing my miami fam @anywayzthinking i cant handle my life like this anymore... almost seems as if suicides the answer... unfortunately.
@kidkierain yeahis terrible at saving money..
Didn't expect to have a car accidentI feel like a lost puppy without my phone.
@bktassava I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
She tells me that she feels miserableUgh I don't feel well again all of a sudden
Bella doesn't love me no more
I have a sore tummy
My picture won't update.
Graveyard charged my card twice (one correct totalforgot to renew my drivers license
My cats sick.
I really need to invest in an elliptical machine... Running with shin splints sucks!!
Alex slammed her head into the edge of the table about 30 min ago.  She's going to have a nice@ Kosme -&gt; careful or you're going to be like me; updating websites and such on a Friday night
is very hungover
@ltyson yay asap lol awwh I miss our friday night happy hours even luna del sea and the &quot;boy&quot; hahahaha
Jesus...I'm being SLAMMED via DM's from the Papaya lobbyists.  OK. Holy crap: Mangosteen@bwexxx  i hope you hoes are having so much fun...not TOO much without me though lol
@Nevidge20 Kennedy was re-injured at RAW on Monday. He's got s serious muscle issue in his back and a broken wrist.
Took calculus exam today@akte a couple of YEARS? I may die without my Kateage.  *keeps fingers crossed for you tho*
I lost my voice
woke up early this morning  not happy bout that*cough cough hack hack
reaons not worth it; drunk for no reason@philwade unfortunatly@JoeRuiz AhhhI'm really enjoying pins and needles in my legs at 01:28 in the morning... Not
@BSBVBK im trying to fix it.. it doesnt do it  and its &quot;ahi dios mio&quot; but u did good lol
Plans were taking flight to go out tonight but they're now sinking in the Hudson since I have to work in he morning. Stupid bird strike.
Coming to the end of a looooong day. Good new isI'm bored. No internet. I haven't made it downtown or to the beach yet.
Im hungry and its cold
is working tomorrow all day so can't do anything tonight  Whats the plan for Saturday?
@keeleykerrins Dear god i hope they save it.  http://www.the-impossible-project.com/
hey there @larkn0298 how are you going? looking forward to weekend@ZackRabbit i chewed up a Starbucks and a Subway gift card at Christmas time@ahewitt Me too
Feels really sick. Just puked my guts out.    help@Cara62442 Just read those tweets and it sounded like i was getting on at you . I swear not what I meant to do
@KimSherrell maybe its because my computer committed suicide this week@refuse2bdefined nooo!! not too busy for you! EVER! SRSLY!  you are my pal! I'm not yet familiar with iphone twitter
@RealSmoothieLuv nope no love
@KRITM awe I am sorrySwollen face.....again
@DonnieWahlberg baby I'm in maryland I'm NOT gonna make it  BUT I will see ur sexy ass next sat in camden VIP....come early n hang!!!!!
has on music at work today its so painful
@socilover I wish I can see that. They have CNN here againfeeling sick and wondering if I should get out of bed to go throw up or just go to sleep...
@elmoberry @ejc7 - MISS YOU TWO!!! Find it random how all form of communication slows when I'm at home   -  I MISS LE2!! xxxx
chillin@Ur_Obsession lol but its only gonna be 80  the water will prob be cold as heck...
@DonnieWahlberg The Disney Store is not treating me to well with hours  I realy want to go on 6/13. I willdo anythig to go to the show ;-)
@mommy41402 yeah i need his fricken cell number ive tried his home for months and hes too busy. i miss braddddddddd
@ChasityNichole No dice...I searched it in the &quot;Help&quot; area...just a problem some people have.  It would have been hot...oh well
so far I've tried to kill myself TWICE in the 15 mins I've been outside by tripping on stupid things.  I knew I should've stayed in bed.
@BMatt95 ohhh. hm. I don't want to screw mine up
twitter has spam!!?? oh no
@katevoegele I wish you weren't going to a 19+ venue in Vancouver
@funkylovin  on your ani?  sorry
I have trouble with Starship troopers. They're mean to the great big pink bug.
there's nothing worse than getting a text about a dog that was abandoned in your town
@TheAliMonster  FTR I &lt;3 U and miss U on the team already
@ravels http://twitpic.com/67fs9 - I miss hearing you guys.  You will all be missed out here.
Dear god I'm so sleepyLittle kids annoy the hell outa me by being all active and shouting and attacking me Etc.
There are no appointments left for the day so they're trying to work me in. almost an hour for a stuck freaking power button FML
Lol I mean hey! That's mean
*sigh* another two out fly out for Papi
Oh god! I had to look at &quot;How to use Twitter&quot;.. how hopeless is that?!
seriously my parents are non stop  minniapolisThey just admitted my grandma to the hospital... Shes my only last one  please pray for her
OkSo lost  on my owm tryinh to find matter in the o2
junk food and movies in a tshirt and sweats.... the only way tonight would be better is if I had someone to hang with
Wondering if twitter will be fixed for my phone any time soon...
I'm getting more and more reactions when stroking the cat.  Now I have welts on my hands from where she caught me with her claws.
follow friday.. follow me coz i only have 26 followers...  (it's not 2am)
@3xasif lol. just don't ever forget me
shit....game starts in 30 min!!
poor wavves. had a meltdown in barcelona. drummer walked out. shoes were thrown. hands in face.
@LesbianCafe Sorry to hear that sweetness  have you taken anything for pain?
Nooo...i forgot my calculator for physics   oh well class is allmost over :3
@DonnaFirsty she fell into deep crack in the glacier  so terrible
@totalgunner Ive twitpic-we him before so you might be able to find him LOL. Aw thats so sad!  ooh piranhas? Scary lol
I WILL CRY!!!!!!!!    I can't believe that I lost the chat!!!
I should be paying my bills and not playing on here.
my hair hurts
Poor Little Hollie Steel...I really did feel for her!!  #bgt
@RQKidd Hey I texted you but you never responded. We stopped at a friend's &amp; ended up staying.
@eddyhendergrass that sounds like the scariest zombie dream ever.
I dont like things getting confused. Seems to be happening alot lately
Guys (@cotravelgirl @elaineellis @debindenver @joshclauss @pugofwar) I know! My ability to read time telling devices failed!
Sorry that your tummy hurts deathbyhistory  i got a tattoo like half an hour ago!
@karenhanson that plain sux. kinda like cheers goin off the air.
@AmberHope ME
@caroldn I feel like a piece of garbage!  See: http://bbltwt.com/nqgp3
soooo bored it aint funny.
i have a headache
thanks to the forever 21 curse that makes you spend 3 hours there everytime you go inYou know when your FAT when someone points it out.  ugh...what an aweful day... I feel like breaking down.
ugh im crying again  writing a rant about it on tumblr.
@AnastasiaEsper Aren't we though? lol He's at work now and I miss him  blah Wut cha up to?
My friend ..has cancelled on me for tomorrowsad.. Daniel is leaving Florida now.. just gave him a big hug
@KyleWade05 so glad i did not say hi to last night... i dont want the flu... but sry if you really do have it
@goopmop i dont want you to go to india
Going out to Miranda shopping centre to spend time with the familyfinds the hardest thing about being a Christian is to put God as first in his life.  I need help..
i'm going to kill myself T_T . i wasted hundreds of download and realised i got the wrong one
I am sad that my kids were ungrateful today
feel dpressed
@Hameed_Hemmat she's mad coz she purposely let you step on her foot@yoyonb87 yepi miss my brother.  12 more days till he gets bac to tennessee. he said he was singing &quot;find my way bac to tennessee&quot; today. haha.
@Laurie_J We're in the same boat.
@cityofedmonton - the service on the west end of #yeg is a joke after 6pm. And the 2 and 150 been late doesn't help.  #yegtransit #fail
@coachreggie  She doesn't need a darn (watching my language) thing but that never stops her  &amp;   I mapped u. U live in the boonies :-o
Awwww poor biggie...he puked on me in the car. Even though I had the air conditioning on FULL blast...I think it was the heat  He' ok now
Jus sittn here thinkin....wow yo my boy is really gone! Smh yo! Its bout to be 3 weeks on Sunday!  R.I.P VON
Having a bad day/week
@justdaydreams Lol rite! I'm scared now  lol
Circus was fun - I don't have any hope of getting out of the parking lot - haven't moved in 10 min
why did I get airbrushed nudere-dyed the hair@melissa_hope why?
Why must Jay Leno leave his own show
Justin is SO warm! It makes me worry when they have a high fever and I go to sleep.
@Marcina @bifnaked bif doesn't come down far enough south for me
@dustbunniesss i dont have a bank. i cash my shit at tom thumb. i've had four bank accounts--and they've all gone negative
yay! boxing!! although after the boxingActuallywow i'm soo hungover
@zarlana I took my ring out...
@rWilliamr I'm tryin not the be boring today . . . I just can't seem to come up with thing to say
@iDJExplicit What's wrong?
Stupid bipolar weather ruined my day off
Just got a shot on my arm. Eww.
I'm so sorry Drace  this sucks so bad
@tobefreeisme I would be scratching ma head toooo
Did some REAL window shopping and i found so many things i want that just happen to be over a hundred dollars.
It's raining and I'm outside without an umbrella.
I still sound like a man!
@writingforlife You know I am so ashamed. I did not watch a single episode of the new GH season.  I kept falling asleepSo I just failed my second year of med school. I don't know what to do or say.
@richardAmills ugh im not a vip  im always vippppppp
CHILLAXIN AT WORK...MAN I SCREWED UP
Guys my phone is dying!!!
But then again I think I'm the only who pays attention to this type of thing@DentonPolice http://twitpic.com/5wb0k - what a mess. we're missing the bra strap.
@BrineandBastard What??  Nooooooooo      There goes my weekend!
@MelissaPan ah the Computer's not in my room  on BBerry right nowWellWow no one loves me  @stuntmann88
Whats is up with me! I am spilling everything
ughh...i dont feel good
mmm mmm mmm! tss tsss tss. LOL@nodirectionhome biglots by my house has jesus &amp; virgin mary rings in one of those machines i rocked one for a while til that shit broke
argh! my embouchure= FAIL! makes me sad
@itsjenwilliams Im at work!
Bible study cancelled   Study partner started new job with horrible hrs - Pls pray for her that hrs improve and she knows God's  provision
House hunting for next year= No FUN!
@mileycyrus aww homesick  i feel you! im homesick for my 2nd homehmm@ThisStarChild  hope yer ok hunny
Still no pici want to see ephraim zenh tomorrow! a lot. but can i find a sitter? wtf? why does everyone have plans? it's only saturday night...sigh.
just took my shirt off and my back is COVERED in blisters  http://bit.ly/vUiXG
going to bed its late and I have headache
@sarahbellafina I'll try but silly silly tweetdeck being mean to me again
@bignupehen i would but i have nowhere to go and no one to go with
Rachel and chelsey left me and jenny stole my bike.  that makes me muy triste!
Still raining here in The Bay...I forget what sunshine looks like !
Watchin Grease 2 and waiting for 9 to hurry up and come so I can talk to my girl. Ugh..... it seems so far away...
@alow8111 went to wingstop without me
@InNoSenseLost I know. But it won't be the same
could be getting sacked soon not good
Just remembered I still have a summer project to do.  IT NEVER ENDS!!!!!
i know i have lots of comments to return but i have been really busy  i'll get round to it guysNuggets game with everyoneeeee except @almedina4.
I really wish i would hear from josh
Saturday will be the worst Saturday I've had in ages
@beadqueen That doesn't sound fun
Is about to see Adriana off for a month
Bummer... Might not make it to the sunday show@teleject Grrrrrrrr................
Is not going to service tonight due to the fact that i've yet to find a dress for prom tomorrow. Ugh
at hannah montana set.... im missing tennessee ALOT today
@alydenisof Maybe someone is trying to hack you
@Media_Molecule play my shitty levels :-D I got a bit too ambitious on one and broke the thermometer  so it only got half done!
Just found out a friend and his son fell down a 25ft shaft onto concrete today. They are alive at least. Don't know much else.
@baba_booey it doesn't make up for the pitch
wants New Moon.  AHH Im going crazy.
@FlyGyrl1 I been following.... LOL.. just dont be paying attention to little ol Mylan
@TheComputerNerd so haven't seen any videos the last few days  hope everything is ok...
@tomasgomez i miss you too
i dont want the seniors to leave
@SarahBawcum my mom wants to lay. We'll be there later. Probably a little after 10. And @AyyMedlin I'm sorry you're sick
Theres a fricken prisnor trans outside r hotel!  3/10 so far
@xoxoJennxoxox i did a couple hours ago...ive got sun burn and its really uncomfortable
can i have some followers :' ( ... i'm so sad...    NOW THAT I'M LOSING HOPE -pressure
@katevoegele Why aren't you coming to Montreal?
I have test tomorrow but i dont studyIm so down! The AC in my house just broke
@emperorliu my dick feels smaller when i look at you
Can't find any pictures  !!!
not in the mood crazii crazii highly upset now with everything &amp; everybody
@Holls77 haha I tried covering it with make up.. It doesn't work  lol so wearing a scarf is the way to go.
my PC just died... again. now i have to find a firewire to save all those photos i havent backed up to the mac yet
@Greek4Honeybee oh no...where did your sunshine go?    *hands you a few rays of light...will this help a bit?*   ******hugs******
http://tinyurl.com/ateltl &lt;-- Rocksteady pt II
not goin tto tafe
Waiting for an email that will probably never arrive. ED later@chaoscartel That is annoying. What gear is it? I'll take it off your hands
I just want this semester to be over! Only a week and a half then it's moving time!
@JRHIGHTOWER  you told me u would be there...lol! Hmmmm where were u.....
http://twitpic.com/4j8us - It is interesting that VS2003 generates a setup script for uninstall.
@RealBillBailey Morning! Are u back in blighty Bill? Hope u had a lovely time away
I am up and feeling pretty damn gud! I dont even have a hangover what a nice feeling
Drinkin' Chai tea and not sleeping.. and checkin' out some cool peeps
@KatiexCobraYo awww boo! I fucking lovee doing all the girly thingss
@ifixitlive Hey never realized that you also get a Twitter account.  Your guides are truly many times a lifesaver to me.
@bebeisis  thanks bebeisis that is right is your name by any chanve elisabeth???
@justinchuan Awww!  I was thinking about you lot up there!  Glad you enjoyed it.
@YaaaaZ so don't bother urself
@BroncMurphy  I agree people should be able to cohabitate with whomever they choose
@Jocey17 ITS A BANK HOLIDAY STUPID!! wait@michael611 would you settle for a 76 Mustang II Ghia? ...nope... probably would not be the same
@thatglamchick ok.... tx  it's so worth the wait! lol...***
@urbansmiler Is it possible to a have phobia of phobias? Afraid to look at list.
@xxm0rgann aww morgan@MsSdot23 and thats why your azz lost hater lol  love you
Waiting on laundry to finish so I can go HOME. Think I'll do my nails while I wait
Fancy is a 187 hun got u doin things u aint never done
Have lots 2do as usual! laundrythe era of the word - 'UN' (not united nations lar) is coming on fast - Unconference@mybellavita just clicked on your bio. You're in Cantazaro!? Have been to Italy several times. But never Calabria!
@creampuffs_star v. good. i thought you were registered na?
I should sleep. I've got like 5-6 hours to sleep before work. Then I've got Tuesday- Thursday off... sweet
@ainzneal LOL  I'm the night owl queen - why you up?
@daisytalk yeahi'm still in bed and on the laptop ...yep borin !!!
@snedwan Mooooooooornin'  How are you? Are your legs ok?
@Meghaaa lol. sounds like don't call me babe  have done that too !! have you thought that over ?
Realizing that I don't have school today... or tomorrow... or for the next few months.  I really need to get on those job applications!
@ShalG  aaah k..am like a fan incarnatedYES! Im down to 50% full on my dvr  i was at 98% like 3 days ago... lol I swear if I didnt have a dvr I would never watch tv
making mashed potatoesright guys i have to go
@monnie Not really@maxiec Hope the train remembers the way - they can go a bit loopy on bank holidays
@taaaschi It's driving you insane? Really? It's Sterling Knight playing Chad Dylan Cooper on Sonny With A Chance
Seen the doctor today. Everything was fine! Might go for ultrasound scan just as a precaution
Bruno arghhhh i cant wait
based on the similarity between &quot;May the 4th be with you&quot; and &quot;May the force be with you&quot; today it's the &quot;Star Wars Day&quot;
@ryanodonnell Can't you guys do something on CO-OP about Grim Fandango? Don't you wanna see it on XBLA/PSN? Call Tony Plana!  Call Tim!!
@AgesTheGreat tell him ill beat him up if he doesnt share
@coliwilso  not much blipping latelyWhat a great day! Time with some familyHey dudes@atlteabagged ur not blind  i was just browsing &amp; saw ur tweet &amp; figured i could answer ur query plus i wanted to know too
@Broooooke_ omg and you never would believe what we did. ahahaLOL! Made a huge mess of my school shirt@shadiya I hope you were feeling better today!
@Aquilaquail Lol - I could have written that - would be good to have 2 Mondays this week@clarissa61190 and if you want to leaveeeee I can guranteeenight night dollies  you are al so amazing
@mmitchelldaviss THAT WAS SICK! i was like 'oh no@DonnieWahlberg so wish I was there with ya@beccaRAR I like to support my friends  It's sad that I'm your only friend though
@Free2b_you Ah! Haha that's exciting. If I ever come to Australia we are definitely gonna have a movie night@langleyjoel @jenn_langley Hi guys! Guess who has Twitter on her phone now? Me!
i am! lol its just i got used 2 talkin 2 ya..!
trying to figure it out
@ work. Reachable on my mobile...
http://twitpic.com/4j9eo this is  how it looks at nights
@jaybranch  Hey thats good@WollemiPine probably because it's getting chilly here
must be time to go home - yes indeedy
@b_club wished I could have been there last night. Sounds like it was rocking! Can't wait to see pix or vids
http://twitpic.com/4j9fb - I really love this picture!
@LILELLAY i am! lol its just i got used 2 talkin 2 ya..!
@Samproof Black Russians makes me think of a &quot;white russian&quot; and this movie quotation: &quot;that rug really tied the room together.&quot;
They don't know that I like him cause I've never ask them bout him.oh well I guess your right. I feel abit better now
@xthemusic did you drink too much? the best cure is a fry up
@hellivina you work really hard so@daxxbondoc thanks Daxx you too!  God Bless you brother!
@MissxMarisa Borat is just so damn quotable.   ++ do you want the link to it?
@rhettroberts sexxxxxxxy  I had a silly weekend with my bff =P Fun times! Haha
is sitting in her nan's bathroom dying her hair for the x factor auditions tomorrow
@kyleandjackieo orITO EN Tea Apple IS DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!! (looks like I need to go to Don Quihote to buy more!!) goodnight
Been invited to join a group in Second Life called &quot;Ballistic Autistics&quot;.  Cute name.
@CarlosPoulet Are you a night owl or what? Always on here as the same time as myself  Enjoy your scifi show.
@SchoolBoyQ L0l uhm; you need to just wife up mary jane cuz that's all you talk about!
think he caught swine flunothing right now to do
Wow... I was tricked into the #hoppusday hype today....
gonna get a tan. i am so white
@kkkrista  anytime..  Why ya gonna be up so late?
heading out to dinner in a minute - cant wait to have food.
@lyssiecc prettty goooooooood   going to daaaaaancing in a mo and havnt studied much for maths :|
In 24hrs time I will be at uni waiting to start my 1st exam@Robviktum Warm and muggy after Tuesday possible t-stormsShe doesn't believe spending many (many) thousands on a perfect wedding makes a happy couple.....A happy couple makes a perfect wedding
@LisaHartwell What up Lisa@stephaniehealy Past experiences of being a redhead (eg. discrimination) or even just general info bout gingers in society! It all helps
@Icethevillain DAMMIT! lets have a private session
omg i just slept like 18hrs in the last 22hrs...  i think i'm dying or something   reminds me of catcher
@Brandonhobelman i hope everything works out for you at school  keep me updated and have a good day!
- arrggh kids that won't settle....need some Kava for Liam@Asfaq dude3 hours @FrazzleYeah oh my. Is it shorts weather do you know. I'd do my usual hanging out my window but the neighbours are out.
converting the Armin Only - Imagine concert for my iPhone... fun fun
@janeyha I'm stuck with BOO!!!! Jeeeez shoot me now
@sonwright I'm an iPhone owner@nicobyrne we miss you in SE Asia. Come visit us when you have time.
X-Men:Wolverine was hot! I say go watch it
@papelpicado And a good morning to you!  Up early with a bad conscience@mommymuse Thanks for the hint.  http://tinyurl.com/chtx7e.
@1mgoldstars morning  about to tackle armhole prob - may have a solution not involving tapeI know @Sadie_marie. It text me.
blame it on the goose gotcha feelin loose@mintea Good idea! I'll have to remove all the old receiptsAt the uni just learned I only had one class today. About to go home
I alreay feel the hang over. Soooo worth it
Spent the last 2 years largely ambivalent about s/w dev practices. Can feel care factor returning. Look out!
@kekeinaction LOVE your show  !
i really need to earn money... so that i can watch the PCD concert
@BoltClock Hmmmy birthday chicken  http://bit.ly/whbuv
@ebruchez Feels good?  Now the hardest part will be to keep it empty every day. Or at least several times a week.
@mooddisorders what are you? flavor of the day?
http://twitpic.com/4ja12 - we were bored
Of back off other peoples he can only have one stalker
I'm getting 'A Nervous Tic Motion of The Head (To The Left)'  when thinking about tonight
@danhitmusic whats the next movie review going to be? You're like wossy of brum. Just more controversial
studying for my exam tomorrow @ 2 &amp; packin up!
@DavidArchie the script are amaaazing! Rusty halo and i'm yours are my favourites
better finish off an order for this little guy first tho   http://tinyurl.com/cltln9 Time to go   Cheerio an Drasda!
LOL!!  I'm glad I've seen the original trailer or that wouldn't have made sense     Someone certainly went to a lot... http://bit.ly/A0pyr
@lhanni Welcome to Twitter... It's about time!
@sevitzdotcom 'auto-resolve' is that a Geek/tech answer to most questions??
@jdpeterson I say the same about poems. When you are ready to write@tommcfly what did the times say? and thank you
@iantalbot Writing or making sense ?
@jordanknight TINK! (whatever the f**k it means!!) from your JKUK girls! Show us some love! ;)  xx
@charmainehan SEND ME THAT PHOTO MAN  ily favourite
@lu_lu Just one part of a very odd trip. You travel for 3 months you see some weirdness. Loved Perth though
@prateekgupta yeah.. gives me something useless to crib abt
Thank you for the follow @christinelu!  Looking forward to your tweets...
Quiet day at work 2day.Just had dinner. Whats doin out there?
Cool. Cant wait for dustbin baby
Wee are going to the movies tonight to see Wolverine
@jenniclarephoto Sometimes (although I usually go willingly  ) Don't know about the Churnet Valley event though.
@mitchschroeder Omedetou!! That's truly exciting@SimonFilmer Alough I will hold you to your word now for when I need rain
@endsiny No worries doll@tommcfly could you post a link to the internet version of the times so that I can read it pllleeeaaassseeeeee!!!!
@Medros I'll try my best to be there!
why i chose iphone   http://tr.im/kpaE
HMV opens in half an our...better go get ready
@UncleCreepy You can get into CanadaUstream replay for Control Your Rankings.  http://www.controlyourrankings.com/launch1/ustream.html
@cocont123 I don't know how you do it
@beauknows good luck going to sleep. i'm up working on a stupid paper. no worries. ur not alone.  so u ready to record that album or what?
@pauljacobson if you want conversation@tommcfly good thing reallyis a movie afficionado. I might just as well write about the films i watch.
@Lizzi_85 Aaaargh help -it's a conspiracy LOL! How are you today Lizzi?
Zs.Nagy presents  http://www.nordugrid.org/manuals.html
@eminem http://twitpic.com/4j585 - HAHA nice@MisssV33 it's 3:37 amBack home from the Wookie household. Now to dive into edits on Nemesis.  Or maybe I should work on Dusk of Death. Hmm...
@URIENATOR go on msn. i need to talk to you about something that happened today
@steviekaye thats what andy said a few hours ago....I HOPE THEY ACTUALLY ARE
@falkingo Thanks. Have a blessed day too
Arrrr better half made me brekkie in bed. Weather not 2 gud in Black Country 2day but we won't let it put the dampers on our planned bbq
is having this massive headache! and all i want to do is eat some nachos..
@clicktokill scared what I may think of myself 2 yrs later@mashable Thanks to TweetStats@KankzXD ohh I know her from church .. she got me into mcfly
Lookin for work via online@News3David    can I get in on this?! @Cherynstone  3 way call !!
@grooveshark I'm having elevated error rates... StreamKeys not foundRemind me to get out &amp; take a pic of my blooming clematis before the wind storm tomorrow.
Back to work today but I don't even mind.
Feeling considerably better after 13 hours sleep  still not right though...
@Moni7D well then take your sexy ass to sleep then foo.  how as your weekend mami?
english p1 done.  i refuse to countdown@ayeashleigh good. yeah i am fine thanks. just dreading history tomorrowHave been practicing for the last 40 minutes. I don't think 40 minutes will suffice for 7-days worth... More later
@McflyMadEmma Little Louisa is number 3 trying to get number one!  XX
@SupaStarCity hahah i sowwie hun  whats up thoe ?
@TomFelton hope you have a good flight
@TiaSparkles  Yeahhope's she see her bestie today
Well... I hate to leave.... but I must sleep! G'night y'all and hope to chat later!  Enjoy my li'l night owls!
@bellelumiere So I could just do my own thing without having to live up to any expectations
where is the rain please come out
My dad is taking me to school &amp; picking me up tomoz. Plus I have drama almost all day. Score bludge day
is planning for surviving financial status after quitting my job@angela_lyle Okay@comedyqueen dont make plans mite go out tho if i can b bothered 2 get out ma pjs!
I feel like an M&amp;M McFlurry  mmm... But I won't get one coz I need to look good for when I go to the States!!! 7 weeks 2 go aaaaahhhh!!!
In regard to knowledge@ljs777 for the most part@BevClement I don't think we talk much about Banks these days - not quite as respected as they once were
making Shell join twitter so I have a follower
I hope I'm doing something right. Had an influx of reviews on a 1 year old fan fic telling me they love my style of writing for HP.
is obviously getting bored celebrating summer! ) And now listening to music and eating some pizza.
Scrubs tonight (8.00pm). woo!
@bettytes hey bettiyeI hadn't realised how Long it had been since I was last 'tweeting'... Now I'm on here I don't know what to say  x
@zhayrar whoa rad ! coffee makes me stay up all night
@TeamCyrus  you`re welcome  how are you?
@Zingtoh Who knows@StephanieMxx Yeah@ElvisHsiao Haha greatAnother water leak in my appartement. The good side is that I get to meet the girls previous &amp; next floors
@AnitaBreakSoon Oh I'm on a roll now with these oldies!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jeu7
LaLaLaLand... why am i liking that song so much?! Anyhoo.... grr I have a coldjust arrived at @eurodjangoconWhere art thou @niokiaquino? I miss you!
Cloudy day in Berlin. Just about right to sit in front of a computer all day
LaLaLand... why am i liking that song so much?! Anyhoo.... grr I have a cold@IDrive_Online When will the maintanance end? I would like to backup some stuff.
Listening to musicKaze the Knight. Third leveljust had steamed fish w/ oyster sauce
@KrisColvin I would advise watching it in the cinema. I am sure the effects are worth it. Unless you have a monster TV at home
@MissxMarisa Hell unlucky! :O and and it comes out next week here.
is amazed as to how artificial one can be  its just soo itchyyy
@katcal always wanted to see that film never got round to it must get it on DVD tell me if its any good
@Faz4980 thanks  and ill cross my fingers for you@MrMiistro that's good. Im ok aye!!! a little stressed but fine
@rvailleux : woot please post a pic@rizkyinayati heeeey good luck for unair sweet!
Good morning twitter world.raining in dingle- hopefully means a busy day for me
just got home had a major daily tset today. its math and i wish i got 6 or more
wellity! i think ima gonna clean my room :| Gay. i need to read a good book. sense and sensibility here we come! BEAT THE LILY
Dear God please let me wake up before 11:45 AM tomorrow lol Got plans  Tonight was lets pick on Hero night. grow up@mike_taff_jones  Oh and...NEVAR USE KDE IT IS MADE OF FAIL!
@fajarjasmin i'm a huge fan of Take That since i was a baby.. YeahReading Breaking Dawn
@ohmanitsjessa I KNOW! I KNOW!...stop clapping
@BlondMobile not sure if i need to hear what VC's think.  There's been problems in their business models..  Will the momo thing be good?
Listening to Distorting a Code by Spinnerette and just cant wait to get my hands on their full length
@taylorgodwin it is@JLSOfficial ... but i could barely speak! He was probably thinking 'who is the weirdo?' LOOOOL. Say sorry to him for me please?  x &lt;3
@grentone No trips planned yet but I'll let you know if there is
@SmilinNursAnnie now that's an imtetsting visual.
doesnt have a hangover  and is getting ready for a good ol' english fry up
@Nikkiko Congrats on your new phone!
@luluberry_0981 LOL I was going to do some homeworkHaha. It's pretty good  they're making something with chicken  yum!
@ Nickchien @chaubella_ i am happy to break my twitter virginity with you two.
Yay! I just fixed my blog's CSS problem that messed up the design
never thought my daughter would want to borrow my clothes... even less that she would suggest that i borrow hers... luckily it didnt fit
i'm actually starting to quite like lily allen and her musicloves the way the sky looks now i.e. no cloud at all.  but that would only mean that it's ultra hot outside.... http://plurk.com/p/rpb7t
Great day yesterday. Good win for Forest@AnsamsKitchen  walah me 2 still i am not getting the full idea
@EricaNurney Nah... to be honest@imogenheap AM's good for us GMT-ish peopleI'm a new french girl in Twitter! And I speak English very bad
my myspace profile is OLLLD NEWSZ i need to editeditedittt
@tyhowells Not swine flu I hope! Take care of your health mate  Tell me about your business derek_bell@mac.com
@player112345 Good Morrow! How are you this fair morn?
@nanashambles I don't have any
is watching wolverine at last.
@inrsoul yup. That's the thing. I think 3 is kinda acceptable and reasonable for proper lighting and fill in.  U can run away with 2 tho
@UKLisaW btwI must have just missed @Slackadjusterr @Markinark &amp; I guess I scared @ARealRedneck &amp; @SilverSurfer_TX off...  Sorry
@fossiloflife Leave multitasking to us women  @prateekgupta
shut up.
@Parascience house probably resembling your kind of heaven no?  maybe Ciaran's angels have moved in with you@Sixxjohn well then close your pretty eyes and count boring sheep  you'll be sleeping in no time
Ok back laterGetting back my English minor exam soon. dum dum dum duuuum. Me and Margrete had a burping comp. haha. I WON
@sawwaa I wish I could work like you@karinber Yes babe@JeffShemano of course LOL about to eat more
@krissysalisbury Oh@willadam Grantedlooking for my self... be right back.
@Jen_christie keep the faith it'll be over soon
Going to see star trek
@A_warwounds_C I feel ya painMore big hair rock for bank holiday Monday always seems fitting IMO  ? http://blip.fm/~5jfuu
@robertrich the no tweeting guilt trip didn't stop you huh?  I felt so bad!
Lots of money  some DVDs and this cute thing!!! http://twitpic.com/4jble
@lexia first ripping off the bbc designI'm hurtling headlong into a day of spanish and art. but my view is: after tomorrow it's just REVISION and extra frees
@hnprashanth I can understand!
@ankeshk @ankeshk I don't think I like this Roy Williams who dissects frogs while still alive &gt;  You look like Chachi from Happy Days
Is off to London
@joeconway ahhh.. what about the others? like #hoppusday and etc? I'm such a spazz
have been to portugal. and spain. and has a sore throat. scary?
@Littlepiddle1 hey chicLit whats happening? Just trying to promote my business@Moonshayde I hope you aren't allergic to dust  Choc or syrup?
@LeahJKelly Well@jeffreecuntstar decent Australian guys are hard to find...trust me@DannyjClayton star wars ............ is gay BOO??? i wanna do your jobe HAND IT OVER  u can act as me at my high school   LOL
@jetskiworld  Haha ! Go Martin ! His fixed our Ski like a million times ...
@Aligonzalez43 its ok. im juz curious
@Echarlotte hi on twitter!!!LOL..i don't use it very much. its confusing sometimes. but yay!!!7 more days bubble!!!eeek  xx
@locuta did I miss something??
@mcevoy1rachael yupp t's better than people being rude to her  x
@dpressman well well...so sorry! let's dance  it's fabulous hobby
My mom and my little sister're gonna be back home soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooon
I feel so stupid for saying this@Karen230683 lol good..glad to hear it! I was totally paranoid when i bit of hair touched my ear or cheek@hobbit_gd whoaa kinda hard :O that one that you think will be interesting enough to tell
my n95 hacked  no signing needed.. thx OPDA
but im not complaining.
@horstp funny that. We had outgoing email issues most of the day too. Thank the gods for seperate adsl2 connections
i've just woken up
happy bank holiday Monday@allthatglitrs21 - 21 days to go  Happy birthday for then
@Emmieman and what a scary reflection it was! thought you were going to wizz your pants
curious if they fixed the window handle in our room in the meantime  #edc
@roshnimo ask @RajaSen to create a fake competetion and declare you the winner and then gift you a return ticket courtesy the producers.
At LA Fitnessok my friend is about to dye my hair black scary i know@fudgecrumpet hope it isnt too hot a summer then.hows little one today@lyssiecc haha good phone conversation cat lady! You're gonna be homeless too  you didn't tell me u were having coffee!! coming tomorrow?
@AnnieBGoode YesWishing it was a sunny dayNot only has it broken but it's Monday!!Does this mean Monday can be fix'd?  ? http://blip.fm/~5jgio
@the_anke What's wrong with the ski slopes of MK? They've got coffee shops as well y'know!
@Dichenlachman Yea&quot;No more sorrow&quot;! by: Linkin Park....
Getting ready for school@echsizzles I am in Kuala Lumpur. And I know I vanishedI totally needed that sleep.  need to stretch and wash though now.
Morning  don't ask me why I'm up so early
OMG. Missed bus@willembuchner I'm putting in Societe Generale in China. Very interesting stuff but has me away too much ... gotta fix that!
@DeveshM just had a look - missed out by a couple of hours@TheRealNobody thanks  i'm up every night all night. bad sleeping schedule lol why are you still up?
@KiransMommy I know all about the awful shifts! And he should feel better after he gets tubes in his ears on May 12th but thank you
Just leaving rainy forks@IYL86 Well yeah@LovefromNaja Fresh change from hearing i write sins hey!!?? Not that theres anything wrong with that!
Been working on a framework for web based #SL application. Have product registrationIs going to be off line for the rest of the day. Made some progress on a game over the weekend. @lvturner you may not like me again.
Star Wars day? I didn't know there was a such thing  May the forceCreating your business in The US from France looks quiet easy
sooo 5 days till I take off  sun and sea u're waiting for meeee can't say if i can get all my stuff packed up in time.. &lt;3 Guadeloupe &lt;3
@snagy no other reason? I wonder if she loves you
@SmellTheRainbow really .. least u wont hav 2 put up wiv him
@rohant yeah that will keep my mid section down
is so hungover. what a crazy night. i'm also in the bad books with mother!!
good morning guys!  experimental chemistry test this morning :s wish me luck!
@knighttcat Oh man 3 in a day?? Torture much?! Well good luck there too!! I have exams for 19 days.How stupid? Soon we will party right?
okDump my boyfriend@Coughran Soon I hope... Really need to finish the cloning project so I can get more done
just a week left till radio:active dvd come out! i really can't wait
@marinesetwas dann mach mal!  #12seconds
@caluvminwoo  Way too many people indeed... I only recognize the Chinese guy... LOL
Market whn goes lower also problem and when it goes like a wild bull also problem
@Amileegrant its hilarious
@AKAVirtualPA Kat Stewart did a great job with a great character not that I watched #underbelly in Victoria
Shower/traffic/factory yaaaay
@stephenfry  I've been single so long all I have is a Hans Solo
It's 6 am@paminnewzealand Hiya! You might want to delete and retweet - the link to your blog doesn't work
3 days of frisbeei want to see go:audioGoing to bed  how's ever reading this
@VideoHive Here's getting cold.. And I got my coffee break 2 minutes ago. Enjoy your drink
Hope it becomes okay soon @samaliksi
@forrrrrrrrrrest http://twitpic.com/4jazs - Congratulations! You two are adorable. Beautiful ring too!
@Shauntrice my bad homie
Unlike cierra*flop* back after going out to bag #geocache GC1QR2R nice hide.
writing my english original writing storyyyyy. and listening to 'a little respect' by erasure  aaaaaah.
@yumecouk hahaHappy star wars day! May the fourth be with you
@Epiphora  I'd have read it but I'm not sure you would have wanted my opinion
i  miss my boyfriend so much like you don't even know ;/ but in 2 hours i'll see his oval face
It's going to be a good week
now going to watch the brand new episode of 'The Hills'  cant wait!!
In a rush....   Lunchtime anyway
morning.. just@learymay Oooh... that's right by the zoo... think... in 2 months' time that could be our regular other meeting place
@EmmaJaney ohh@silmy Bandung@craigend I only do computers. Am hopeless at everything else
collage. what is feminism?
@dipfico: hmmm@lauVanExel @Ramoso@superrichguy werd. that's very true
@lameBIRDIE aw its okay tht happened wid me too..am so glad thts OVER now!am not helpin here am i?!?lol thnx for postin WMIAD  loved it
@hot30 how do you win the trip to america? please reply xo
Woke up at 10amwonders what some dancers have against glitter? Just don't wear it. Don't create a whiny group about it. Ok@sucka99 yep 14 days whoop
@dannykurily awww hope you get better
And gadget show today  Can today be any better?
@1sweetwhirl  It's a pleasure @patently and yes@JamieLynnMB i had my son when i was 16.he's now 10..and twins at 19No more tickets for today.  Having dinner with Mimcy after work@SWIFTas omg evie. we have to do our plan for hot 30 tomorrow night
@ElonNarai Ughhopefully today will work in our favor
hmm... now what to do today... i suppose i could revise for my science test :/ or i could just eat cookies and watch films
Tanya is jealous because I'm Mike's new favorite  It's because he tried to kiss me over the weekend....pictures to follow at 95sx.com
so the Today show still hasn't gotten in touch with me@buglegirl Thanks! I'm not quite ready for a marathon yet -- if at all@David_Henrie oh my god@Vixster25 Internet 1 drawing 0 ....damn I'm backing up blackberry files which could take hours  then to the drawing preps done
@shakeyz09 so I take it@bsweens haha they might! good luck if you're taking it as well  i'm hoping I get a 1 for putting my name down
@wajeeha i hope you knew its due tuesday
@coollike FAIL
@inks Does it hurt? How much you lost?
Oh@Vixster25 I cant it... gets pissy if I unplug it when its not finished hahaha
I Miss Daddy and Mommy
@Dee_Staack Pfft ... i dont have the guts .. YOU TELL HIM  and say its a fundraiser like .. PFFT
but I am one in a million
@tommcfly Hey Tom. Have your plans to make an concert in Denmark this year?  please reply xxx
msn-ing. no school  shouldn't there be more bank holidays? x
@fylaviedanat flo can spell antidisestablishmentarianism off the top of her head. wait i just did
@NickieNix why are you eating at 4 am@GeekWearsPrada Wasn't all bad #celtics won! But yeah@DejaMeade For the record#MQM has opted to strikeNugget bit Jack. I told him not to poke the poor hamster!
rcb trashes mumbai indians....  i feel bad for mumbai indiansBack from a wonderful vacation. Had perfect weather and now back to the rainy 'burgh and reality.
@karuski try againanother lazy day i supposee
@johnnyrcooper go to bed mister! u need your beauty sleep
@crazyspeak so give me a quick update graceFixing openbox theme a little
@Lindseyyx3 I think the x3 is confusing ;-) can't believe that many peeps will know that it should be a heart
I really need a job.
thinking my fridge may be dieing...please not this week...pleeeeeassseee!!!
Am heading into lovely Suffolk to a nice pub.  May tweet later@ronskie66 not got virgin yet... not sure I can@cottonpanty Miss you my dear
@boburnham I'm sorry you're feeling bad@Xenooo ohhh. i didn't log on thereIs feeling surprisingly fresh after a 12hr bender
Head in the clouds
thinking of getting new dvdsGonna go to my aunts party. It's gonna be a late night thing so hopfully I can get up for school tomorrow!
@nottheword yum@RiceRabbit Baking WIN! Thanks for that!
just finished Wander Girl for the nth time-- Hilda Gallares is truly a kindred soul.
@mccy you do realize tom fletcher from mcfly JUST posted basically the same thing!! TWINS!
Thank you all so much! Hopefully everything will be okay  Tons of kisses to all of you ) http://tinyurl.com/dxa8xg
@FRUITofDOOM Not sure if this is good or bad news for you@MacQuid You're a fine looking set of neighboursOne of my kits has just brought in a mouse &amp; is eating it in the lobby. I'm sure I feed them enough!
hey twitter! i'm back online!
*shriek* Bee almost flew here from window. I'm not afraid of spiders or zombies in my dreams..But I run when bee is in same room with me.
F.Y.I. a lot of you people that are following me i have unfollowed a lot of you  yer kinda boring me or not really helpful to my e-growth!
@michaelmknight oh i wish my dear Michaelhas one more paper left
@aplusk oh good luck on the movie
@GintareAuglyte hey  how are you?  x
@iHolleeee Okaii Cool!  I Can't Wait For The Series To Begin It's Guna Be Awesome  x
@x3f  dude they renamed it to something no one will remember &amp; find even harder 2 joke about. Its a myth  to keep u scared
@lyssiecc i like the positivity  And no. you may NOT change your carrer. crazyb dog lady just isn't the same.... when's your maths test? x
@tubbyloo same with drunk guests.. Our jobs are pretty similar sometimes
@jonconnelly will add that. It should be hard really to keep track of 500 avatars.
@andycroll can you repeat what was bad about singapore pools website please?
@cnn Any others jobs like this available? Sounds like a great experience. Direct message if you know of any others.
$900 cheque to cash tomorrowkicking back at home
Watched Australia last night and got to say bloody fantastic film with the added bonus of Hugh Jackman  definitely a got to see movie.
is going for morrisons breakfast with my boy today  wooooooooooo.
@theblowups just be careful you don't dunk too long
@minnaryyni Heh@aworldinside ngl@EllaPaigeBabe hey im back  i replyed xxx
If I could only update my status in just one place....
@ColinMackay I think I left my conference feedback sheet in my bag. Oops. Just say Excellent for everything  Found out about it from you
@aussie_ali  that wretched Blue nun has you in her clutches Miss Ali!!!!!  S L O    W  down
School can blow me. He looks nice today thoughh.
Goodmorning world
Neglecting the boy@girlgamy you can also watch Family Guy online. www.fancast.com  And yes I am a total shill.
@iantalbot You're still welcome - the door's wide enough for your zimmer frame
Good morning twitterland. Happy Monday
Still Doing Grench paper and still getting distracted
@cbear80 indeedy! weather crappy thenGoood Afternooon
Being involved in requirements and architecture is nice and all@GeeEmm There will be NO vidoe evidence!  I can't waitI'm going into a spiritual stagnentationOMG!! im sooo lazyy... i can't believe im googling for a command/app to close the CD tray.. i tried telekinesis@mcarvin I don't feel too bad@bmthofficial i am seeing you in sydney in 12 days for the third time
@_xotashhh I love having days off schoolDownload movie  &quot;Still Waiting...&quot; http://tinyurl.com/d9g8sj cool #movie
@Catwoman123 Have a good one
@qatesiuradewyo I would cry a little. Wait...no I meanimplementing will_paginate  on my website; i love rails
listening to varsity fanclub
@Wil_Anderson your tweets were awesome  fuck the heat. That's what dencorub is for
@LauriM could do@morganmg starbucks? I thought u were trying to b good?!
@talktomikesmith yep. but  what does it mean?!  Would you think outside the box to make name very clear what exactly is wrapped and why
@fawn_s  Accept it4th may officially announced as 'bad luck day' ..
@DhruvChadha welcome back to school@BecaBear 1000 = make sure it has the word poo or balls in it  Underbelly DOES suck balls... I gave up on it in wk 3.
Working on Canada Shoots information.  Coming your way soon if you have expressed interest and I have your email address . Eh!!!
hopes tonight is an okay night
trying to record my audio source@davidspruell Just ripping here.  That ad buy I was going to speak w/you about looks to be on hold for a bit. Company changed hands. :-/
Awsome workout! Shower n then workTrued a rim!  I'm getting good at this! o_O
@dholbach Sounds good. &quot;This patch was brought to you by ...&quot;
claires party was amazing!    headache.
@nanere awwww... I'm sorry! I changed the picture... just for you! Because you rock like that!
@Apachekiller Should I worry?
When you see someone without a smile pass them yours
@Oprah an oprah guest if ever i saw one  http://tinyurl.com/d39x4n
@sebby_peek mkay :/ did you tell him on msn? bfgurelgbsr yeahfeelin' somewhat down; ugh@jimrhiz last reply  a scholar in US Homeland Security said an ontology was created for it &quot;and everybody hated it[s prescription].&quot;
school then game oh joy  totally not lookin forward to this day
Ride bmx on the beach in Burgas@Shazmir b/c you catnapped...cats always have weird dreams
@HamzaZafar That's the problem. DNS isn't working  uTorrent and DestroyTwitter are working while everything else is down.
@hueypriest guess that depends on if you want to be on the jury
@natalietran not to seem like some crazy paedofile typing with one hand and fiddling with my willy in the other but you the coolest ever
@katie_andhearts Fingers crossed
@Taddy69 Not good@leeprovoost the movie takes a lot of digs at the Indian Movie Industry so may not much sense@faceofboe you need to play something from Mary Poppins at themDownload speeds are now unlimited until further notice
off to pick up my daughters who appear to be picking up an unhealthy liking for primark...feel like a bad parent
@lise90 I've had that &quot;problem&quot; too@jordandroid It's Star Wars day?! Urgh I'm gonna have to get the videos out
I love when ryans a housewife. Makes me smile.
School then football then with alecceeee
@IRON100 personally@createtomorrow good morning! Got to be afternoon in Germany
@RonRuys Oh i see. My grandparents were from Ilocos as well@leeboardman oh dearback home early for once  - wow this thing is getting addictive..................damn u phil XD
@lovemedown yay! your face is back
still feeling BLAH. gave a biiiiig dose of insulin that i needed about 24 hours ago. Now I'm off to take my last exam of my junior year.
jst came back from tel aviv
@nixgeek I couldhttp://twitpic.com/4jeij - New forest hoping the walk would lose me some pounds
@mariqueen Thanks for the warning. Good thing my heart is unbreakable.
planning! and trying to call the doctor@janeslee oh dearIn hysterics at Yaas' email &lt;3 Am writing a speech for Speakers' and doing Food Technology...damn it's good to be off school on a Monday
@badabam no@topsurf no worries
@evatweets feel better soon! Your immune system must be away on holiday somewhere... probably with mine
Get yer freak on-it's Monday! Have a Great onecould barely sleep last nightwish he could that would b better
is taking the dog to the vet then a play date with Annabelle
Listening my own playing on a friends album and being disgusted by every second of it... Damn I suck.  Normal reaction. Every album.
@corinnedekker hi againBaby baby@newslite so our bums really do look big it this
@thomasfiss hmm so late. Well its early for me.. HA
back from sql. finals tomorrow...new video today
So many freebies for all my JBnoy friends  SPAM THREAD SOON.
@biggboymgmt alright alright! I will be tuning in and taking notes - remember what I said before (got a spot? raising my handz - both
@MonstarPink Yeah@GBglass LOLAnd this is what happens when Swine Flu gets to all of us.  http://tinyurl.com/55hq2o
@selenagomez Hi S@mattstout Thought you might be interested in @TweetPhoto http://tweetphoto.com. See who's viewing your photos!
@queensnyprinces Thought you might be interested in @TweetPhoto http://tweetphoto.com. See who's viewing your photos!
@youmeatsix haha i love the auditions new album
@james_a_hart ah.. Birmingham! I remember being there in the Wrox days
4 novos followers http://migre.me/SfN Sorry@kiranchetrycnn Kirangooooooodmorning world(: god bless@Mateocamargo way i bought it today aswell now i have it twice cos i pre ordered it aswell  cya later x!
@ImajicArt same thing happens to me all the time
Hahah. Love them!
Hanging out with @tomlazar and the Berlin Jarn guys.  http://yfrog.com/8c36ej
@zoopedup Have you noticed that we're at the beginning of what may be the worst recession since the 1930's ?
@hintswen oh.. Hope they will throw something useful at you next time.. actually nohttp://www.facebook.com/pages/HelloTxt/73275306275 this message is posted on HelloTxt Facebook Fan page through HelloTxt@Bournemouthecho 'answers on a postcard'?! What century are you in?
Rosie to the vet. Routine shots and bordatella.
Tried on all the shoes in new look
@fobchick08 You lucky girl. Tell me all about it@SasaLoves bahaha.. Weekends are just too short.. Esp when it's nice out! I wanna stop time like evie on outta this world! Morning!
@RiceRabbit Looks like you've had another culinary success@ChrisCuomo DO NOT DO IT  I've seen enough  movies to &quot;know&quot; that something terrible will happen... LOL
@PinkLeopardPrnt WORD!!!!!
Coffee brewingwent 2 see the hannah montana movie wiv jodie on friday and it was WELL GOOD but i feel nasty for laughing at the lil girl that cryed LOL
@FawnBZee
@sharagrif what a riot..now you can tell you're friends you've got chlamydia..but you're hoping to get pox-syphilis soon
Blogging-- http://13tolife.us/ Mentioning links to contests where you might just win a free book or two!
26 days till 18  cant wait.
@britneyspears I hope that if I were to run up on stage with you one dayIm am going to send some twits to some folk...............
@therecordlife wow. have a safe trip back home  and we're all begging youI just arrived in the office.. I am preparing myself for a very busy day@nm you're fine - trying to kill off the bots and retweets in a bid to be the least popular person on Twitter. BtwKilling people  no not realy O.o just bored although it does sound like fun
@gjr02 I can't work out if you're into diesel or rice burners.
@greggrunberg http://twitpic.com/4jdtj - have a safe journey back home hope you come back soon
Sinus infection ): Damn brother. AnywaysThe geographY was an exam today!But turned out well  OMG on Wednesday will a English exam xD   I woul'd be very nervous...
@rossyflossy haha i get my senior license next friday!!!!
@sir_benzo the first step to recory is admitting it.
i hope unni will make the audition . fighting dahye unni !
HeyI'm bored of being lazy.  Away to shower and go out!
i deffinately need to clean my bookbag. but no time! i need to leave in the next 5 seconds to not be late to school. ...oh well
@joshtastic1 so you are like the rest of us on this miserable bank holiday.then LOL
@iamSteveZapp I've noticed!  enjoy another rainy day!
@AngryYoungMan2 Thought you might be interested in @TweetPhoto http://tweetphoto.com. See who's viewing your photos!
@alxconn Sorry to hear that.  Keep the faith though.  I might not be as bad as you think.
@Holger_bbA Ooh@baknitter haha IE...it's expensive!!!! Hm...let me message you later
Is watching the final Underbelly
@Rhonddalad yeah hun it was a good night  my ankile is even more fucked now tho
getting my phone back this week  yeeeewww
@agriggs8 is what it takes@inkspotworkshop he'll be 3 in july! I'm just soo stoked!!!!  Especially since he sleeps with us LOL  He refuses to wear diapers anymore
Done with FNR on Fox Charlotte. About to record online commentary. Find it at www.myfoxcharlotte.com under Rising tab. Great team @ FNR
@anthonyqkiernan Ha! PC and router have been off and on again many times@swbuehler don't let him hear you
Located &amp; ordered a new cooker today. Feel I've got a real bargain from http://www.laskys.com  �80 cheaper than the place I almost used.
last class at 10:30. One final tomorrow and 2 finals on friday!
@skrobertson thanks  i have to finish schoolwork today@pob34 done potsShoutout to Reyah my fellow Philly homegirl we're both making the best of hard situations  (PUSH) pray until something happens.. much love
I just used UnTweeps to unfollow 5 Tweeps who haven't tweeted recently. http://untweeps.com. Goed idee @Loesje
Doing homework not ideal bank holiday conditions.. a little over cast and rainy but perfect for a lazy day with a dvd
I wish i had a smartphone with an irc app. That'd be pretty cool.
@Stephanie0285 So...I was half asleep when I wrote the previous message. Greatest friends !!haha  You are!!
&quot;Friends are the same soul different bodies.&quot; Plato
Just got home@elsekramer  Yeah the spammers are discriminating: none of the females  are part of the target group apparently
getting ready to preach at church this sunday...first time back in over 6 months....especially for mother's day
10.11PM~ todays a drag for me. so bored. im about to get into the romance book so i prob wont be on til the morn  night twitter babes ;)
@LaBarceloneta Haha!  I'm convinced you'd be great at it.
@JArmintrout love your books
Working on a bank holidaywatching old skool fall out boy vids
@Wossy Get a dachshund they are awesome at getting stuck in silly places I should know I breed them!
@Joestains That's great to hear!
Watching 5 children and it.  i really should be studying. I'll start soon :[
learning for school now ...
@kittyfisher Are they both still talking to you then?
@leannarenee hope sequel edits go well   me and my notebook will be looking for a place to sit after pt ;)
meYeah yesterday I turned 16. My parents rented me out a hummer limo. It was pretty cool
Happy Monday tweeples... hope it wasn't to hard to get out of bed and back in gear!
if i buy the petit financiers under the guise of a gift for someone else@training...
@YESandME Mornin' birdie!  Have a fun-filled day sweets.
@mayleeen He won't. I know he won't.
60 days today  i can't believe it's been 2 months. i'm nervous about what i'm gonna say later. but i'm gonna keep comin back.
Planning to run riot in Luton today! BA HAA!  Not reeeally  where's the library in this (skank) town though?
This is for nicole � Its raining@leamcfly17 can I help in any way?
@scottiejen Good luck Jen@shiv379 Try have a read of the Paul Mckenna book I Can Make You ThinUGGG my computer is running SOOO SLOW today@iantalbot Gosh I've a stinky old headache. Maybe I should have lunchfast
@ddlovato I wish I could've been there. Demi@gtfo dreamwidth@maximCH  there's finally time@Blue_MandM Helaas.. En thanks!
off to friendss for theree birthdayy.  X
its really incredibly gross outsideis cheering on the Arsenal Ladies!!    and missing my M...x
Possible case of H1N1 at Ft. Knox (KY) http://tiny.cc/gNYq7. Note: this is for info purposes only@LaurenDayMakeup good morning hun! i loved the movie what happens in vegas~ it is such a good movie
computers are a great distraction-but sometimes you should be exercising to getting your chores done instead.
@justinlevy I know! I'm so slow its horrible. DON'T TELL ON ME!
@death_by_spork we shall see
@Shahrukh_Khan oh please@jerzicua fuck it. You don't look well. You have to go home.
...is worried / hopeful that I cought giardia from the foam tonight
yuptime for me to go to bed. Am very tired. catch up with you all in a couple of days when I land &amp; recover from flying to Denmark
@JessicaKnows @bethenny I have one fastsmallballbuster'y question. &amp; I promise not to weirdherout w/the fact it MAY be on my visionboard
@DianaRusso night Diana and if you travel soon take care
i want you to text me first everyday@SandyU I know! I'm totally excited
@icyjoey don't frown my lil aussie@ShelleyStudioS Major Fail. Since you asked
@Farung now Eating and meeting at the same time sigh well well I want to start work out too but will have to wait move to my new house
working late.. but yet so fun hearing my colleagues funny song lists
Good Morning!
@HerbsandTea Our garden has never looked so good thanks to all the Spring rain. Of course it helped that I spent 4 days weeding it
@ben_mayer I'd like to see a picture of youLAZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZY MONDAY !! Bank Holiday  Nicole why haven't u direct msged me yet ?!!!
@nicolagreco K - I can hack if I have directions   have multiple social net sites &amp; I think this is a cool add but we chose not 2 go MU
Need to fold laundry and finish dishes... clean out the rabbit's cage too. That's about it that really needs to be done... doable
@theloz from your fevered imaginationso tired from school and work. shower than neighboures.
@Sweet_Cake just  little stomach bug@LisaPietsch thanks for reading my blog. and for laughing at MY PERILS AND TRAGEDIES! ****Cries****
@Rubenerd Pulp Fiction in King William Street.
So I'm waiting in front of the DPS so Julian can take his driving test.
@purplelace424 ya mine too but for very different reason
@suzemart lol it was kinda funny.
@TechSmith whatever u want us to wear / stick / show off around DUMBO Brooklyn &amp; Manhattan
@chriscuzzy you seem desperateyou can see the coffee table again!! @dagnyreardon...so when r u cominging  over 2 insult me into cleaning the rest of the house?
has two finals left today@SaraDfromCali So far everybody look good !  1 more momma goat to kid this month!  Hope she has them this week!!
Monday mornin'Tweetioi in class is a real problem  =Taylor=
Starting a new diet today. I don't want to get fat. BesidesFinal final of the semester
Twitter you suck
@MichaelHewitt I'm not posh enough to read Tatler
helllooooo boston legal
@steph_rose Mornin' !  Missed dance timewhy yes jeeves. bring me that noose there  TOO MANY ASSIGNMENTS!
@tommytrc The race was Saturday night. Jimmie didn't do so great. He's still in 3rd place
I wish I could sleep forever
@Irish1974 Tell me about it. I spend 20 of the 45 min in the morning on computer. Doesn't leave a lot of time 4 showering &amp; hair-do'ing.
Am I the next Blumenthal?!
Going lay down@louhhh Thanks
@martinschecter your knowledge of X-men is starting to scare me
@lisalisad1 I only came across viva la juicy on fri@wdthem But can you breathe OK?
Is Charleston bound for the day
@tsarnick Ohhhh I don't know ;) an older mature lady?
Hi ho  hi ho it's off to work we go
@animalhouse4384 All is well..That ends well! &lt; unless of course well times the power of three = the sum of ends if X being All
@alphamoongirl I'd love to but I think the trek from London would be a bit too much
I think its time for a snack  Then to get day 7 sent out... oh the procrastination
@WorkInColour It was a pain worse then death!  The Dell is just a boat anchor with a power cord or a very ugly paperweight!
@catcloud YesBack in the office after a great &quot;Student Round-Up Event&quot; last Thu and Fri. Thank you very much for coming. I was great to meet y'all.
@Cranialstrain It often pays to wait
@Jamie_127 LOL Just remember how it was after my car accident
@tomsorrells I know we need it but I'm not a fan of daily rain/humidity &amp; I'm a native. I'll enjoy dry while it lasts.
@dannywood Oh It was marathon sex? mahasha
@machinemaria ...oh. hahahahahaha but no@jeremydmiller ok... maybe not angry... just with very little sense
@sarieanne Eat itcalling mum too ask if she can by ice-cream
@zedshaw I didn't mean you were incompetent! But I totally am
@WirelessWoman yes but 75% are on the wrong wireless plan
Haven't a clue about this twitter!
@brotherjesse The ball is in motion. I have to type up concepts in outline format we could develop those to ensure we deliver greatness
5-4-09 what do you think ill be doing tonight
@rockeye I might give it another go.
@TSapi1 I saw your tweet a couple of weeks ago that had that hashtag@catholicgirlyz ohhhhh with ya
Passed 700@garlicdog  I think your friend is thinking of Jonathan@ambernclark babe i'm just fuckin around!  just bored!  no need to worry
@talkmaster You realize you just did @inkspotworkshop a solid. Better than a full-page in the AJC.
Listening to my favourite song... ALLAH KE BANDE HASDE
@WorkingDaze_Roy i tell them it's facebook minus everything but the status updates.
Oh joy I've to open the changing rooms tomorow  well maybe it will let me catch up on my Reading at least
Working on a PR plan. Then it is on to awards.
@terrymyers My son would freak for the Falcon
@red_sunflower yeah@IanJenkin don't worry they are use to it@ArcaniaI got the ticket dismissed
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!  http://tr.im/kq95
@SplitRockRanch Hey Split Rock -- I'd know that llama anywhere
I saw nomes on twitter  but I'm still not waking up
@dannywood I guessed right@tommcfly since '05
@MtBonez OR@dougiemcfly If i say PLEASE REPLY TO ME DOUGIEisnt going to school because theres no point.
@maxime68 i know! that's why i recommend it
@JoelyRighteous no@dannywood i was sweating 2 but i didnt see u there
Off the road this week
Goodnight all
@jersey39 Thank you   I've had anxiety issues for years so I think if I can make it through the first couple of days then I will be fine.
While I remember@pimpyouriphone  Me to@reddhed The pics should be up later today at www.dosriosrestaurant.com!
@amitcb Chabibi. It's a long running joke. I don't give a flying fuck if anyone follows me at all!
@medscholar08 thanks.. but im not sure im comfortable with such a sudden surge.. will be difficult to keep in touch with every1..
@Maritzasylvia Hmm.. didn't get the DMSo im playing hooky from work and it feels good  Gonna go get ma hair did! .......i wonder how fitzsimmons is doing?
@helianniina Listened to it again coz you reminded me. This is so depressing.  ? http://blip.fm/~5joo9
Bank holiday = rain. Superb. But a great excuse not to start gardening in the jungle at the back of our house. Eating it is then...
I've done nothing today apart from moan@andymooseman Yeah. About damn time. My film SLR just sits there quietly being ignored. It's time to step up!
@chi_gurl woot
@RonnyakaTrauma morning you
@nottypooch yeahh! i am very happy with my pendantGoing to jog down to uni. Quite a way from my family home but exercise and all that
@destroytoday thanks! I'm totally bushed today though time for some coding
@monica058 Happy Anoop Day to you Monica
Omfg this test is a joke.
Fuck im suppose to leave in 10 minutes@raynja yup@dermaesthetix I empathise luvvieterence cao over-dose  im fainting.
Coffee in hand and sun shining in my window.  Hope everyone's having a great Monday morning so far! #monday - MR
Dragging myself to workI'm feeling so weak and tired from seating down in front of the pc. I really need to study for my HA long quiz.
@monica058 Happy Anoop Day to you too Monica
@erinmmoore if we actually watch it@purely_distel Maybe u have natural ability for languages  I envy u on that !!
@SteveS86 Not trueon the london eye. Awesome but feel a bit sick. Madame Tussaud's next
What am I doing? I'm sitting here wondering why I am twittering  Is anyone really listening??
@kidbraindoc just hope the tunnel is wide enough that you can get out of the way!
one final downLeaving for work.. 5:30 can't get here soon enough!  hope everyone has a great day!
@Michael_Cera That is so awesome  awwww.
@pativalen im going to have to  i hardly ever travel!
@tristyB thanks@RaDollasHpc what you laughing at over there  got strawberries?
On my way to a final...the roads are really wet... :-/ hmmm.. Slipandslide!!!!!!!!
@HilzFuld Were have you been?
@GemmaCampbell you coming on myspaceee? if yr doing work though dnt bother
The Wedding is over everyone has gone home@ThisIsRobThomas Did you know its Star Wars Day today... May the 4th be with you!
@loic I need to check your TOS@outrageousJavi oh I see
Working technology! I love you WAZ!
@rockeye AHHH you follow the dark side too..  night
What to do what to do!!!! need to do my show reel nxt week...then start applying for editing jobs  Rock climbing tomos I hope
@MissCindyBaby  I wasn't tryin to call you out@ToriForNow haha.. you were actually in violations of someone's trademark?! okay..  Yeahmade a mysql table with 150 entries  wrote a shellscript for this... while-do-donewatching matilda with a bowl of noodles
@KimmiMcFly Ah lol okay. Thanks
Well hopefully I'll see you both @rasikakrishna @chrisloos at the conference
straightening my hair
@sugarghc heyy sweety  how did it go at advanced training? waht r u doing?? *hugz*xxxxxxxxxx
@iamdpbeltran where is home??
New pic.... Twitter is finally letting me change my pic.  For those that missed itim feeling the burn of the last 4 days..gonna chill play xbox and watch stuff all day
Apparently the BIG FEAR over the swine flu has passed.   No seat on the subway for me this morning
Hey @robluketic nawwwww pity no show no more lol great while it lasted though aye   (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
Working from home today. Got the flu@MysticFearie I want chocolate!
gay culture is increasing in indiawill deplurk! GAH!! need to concentrate on Jap! Visit my http://jynxedpanda.com (site) if you have time  heh... http://plurk.com/p/rr2ly
@parachutesfail Okay@ChloeChloe Ahh thats where i go the 6 year old fact. good old radio one!  what exams do you have tomorrow?
Good Monday morning to everyone- Hope everyone's week is off to a successful start
@jcdietrich Same  also trying to get my house ready to sell... I can't believe how much crap I own !
Getting ready for college. I had a good sleep.  rainy day today. I love it.
@millennialprof Can I have your old one?
One lane stop and go trafffffffic suckssss! Almost to wwork thanks to gay miinnnesota roads
@faeyakof hahaha im brokeI loveeeeee to live a - F A S T - pace lifestyle!
@gfalcone601 cheese and onion crisps are the best  alice or rosalie cullen ?
@sadknob living quite so close to RAF boulmer that might not be a good thing
@ClareAshford  I blocked him tooEnd of the academic year brings in a lot of mood swings ... Just recovered from some serious hypertension
I did it! I finished my first chapter summary on Care of Souls! Pray that I can have the Lords understanding! This isn't easy to do!
@MrEricPiRaTe You're being sooo ambiguousFeel sorry for Adam Cook. Be strong for David and family
@mitchelmusso ...and you're on my mind.. like all the time..
@Julie3160@Alleywater She's good. Trying to suss out chap 7 when I'm not working. Trying to suss out a lot of thingsNeed To Go Shopping  Boring Day T'day....Nothing To Dooo. College Tmro...How Fuckin' Excitin'  Wish Twitter Was Simplified For Me =] &lt;3
Welcome @cronhill my first German follower  My mother Hermine is from the Sudetenland and came to Sweden as a refugee in 1948
So it's rainy in Georgia@Dana_Willhoit Hoping your A/C is being fixed right now for you!
may@joeymcintyre when you get your grill taken care of this morning how about a quick shot of the hands.  Don't ask whyHaving a lazy bank holiday monday
@modernemotive Done. Thank you
staying home because I'm badass.
time to lie in bed and watch tv
I'm yet holdin' on.
@ianweiqiang Interesting Combination  Have a great one ;)
@DavidArchie Did you end up finding something good and cheap for breakfast?
Sorry for the apparent spamming todayworking on the callsheet
My mind is calm &amp; my heart is happy.. Life is good.  ? Would it be ok if I took your breath away? ?
@myloveshine haha i hear that  i'll be done at 7pm though Dx so you'll be out far before i am not to mention i gotta pack my stuff up x.x
@Helmuts hey helmuts!  im ratty if u remember me from scootertechno.. ;)
@teddyrised Oh@reddiamond007 hey u know the sub on digg I said I needed help on soon? well it's up now n wud love it if u could digg it pls  Kaushik
@kristofer93 hehehe pui foto? Ai ascultat top-ul ? a stat Bogdan la &quot;butoane&quot; este in training
@pperiklis because i stopped today :S wish me luck.....  (had to overload first)
is watching two + a half meni cant believes its already Mondayi changedd my background  its from picnik.
has just bought attics to eden by madina lake  it's totally AMAZING
@AJM1030 The movie was AWESOME@jcsalterego no turkey leg? i can't believe it!
Next thing to do tomorrow morning: Temperature Check! It's gonna be a routine till Swine Flu dies. Good Night@Jenderose as nerdy as I amBeing slammed with spam followers today. Is it just me? Or is that all I can attract.  Get a life people.
@annna86 glad to know that the ad display problem was due to a firewall config at yr office. phew!
my body is aching. I can barely move...but its worth it to be champs
Just talked to donald faison about next day air. He doesn't understand twitter. And he loves cacee cobb
Good Morning Twits!  Let's makes today x100 better than the one before! Start runnin
@AlexWilliamson yeah i know hun@markhoppus not cool@lauratoogood i did@dannymcfly i lurveeeeee you
Does 'Real Detroit Weekly' not have a website.....Oh the horroris problem free for now.  atleast i already said to that person the truth.
@gfalcone601 Cheese and Onion! Vinegar taste weird on crisps! England's got loads of weird crisps flavorus  lol.. What do you like ? x
@Usticks555 ... lol that was a great hug. @BCishere they should be back sometime in may
@erinjshea You have the best hair ever. Totally jealous. Mine's unfixable if I forget and leave sunglasses stuck in it too long
@Gabrielle_Union don't let anyone run you away from anything
has onl? just got it and has not got a clue how to use the things
@bbunderground it's a good mix of developers@LisaBeesa Because pop culture is beautiful. Also@j3nn1e time-warner? talk about AOL. we did our presentation on warner bros.
@gfalcone601 http://twitpic.com/4jk42 hey Gi! look at this pic of you and frankie that i took at the southend gig!
please please please please let my match be cancelled today. PLEASE
@codemonkeyism How about SUSE?
@mela0521 dont think too hard@mmWine OhSo apparently I need to mummify myself to keep my amazing good looks for a few thousand years?  Why hadn't I though of that sooner
In class till 12  wishing the rain would go away!!
@nuttychris I need to separate you and your sister @ComedyQueen  Today the role of evil aunt is being played by me!
Morning all. It's Monday. Sigh. Trying to have a positive outlook on the daytime to hit the study notes! prep for friday's exam!
@theskorpion I saw that!!!!
@MelShay - u aint lost me@robwaumans Foto!
@mcherrywv Yes I know  as my school reports would say 'must do much better' Ah well@themightyshrub AP is Associated Press: http://www.ap.org/ There are many other global news agencies like it
studying with @rachborntorun and colette!
&quot;Puke In My Mouth&quot; the brilliant response to Jizz In My Pants  http://tinyurl.com/cy8z7y  Over the top wrong
@gamboasan hmmm it's middle of a zombie-making day @ work here@r_petty I'm leaving community college with a bang!
@BeShirtHappy I know what you mean. My little dog is sinking into depression... he wants to move someplace tropical
@Cheaty For sure you should continue to Tweet WHILE on conf call@Wossy those splinters look very painful...but you were being very heroic saving mr. Pickle
Finished my Marilyn Manson book  wow. He has had a colourful (or not so colourfulthinking about new.. oh yes .. btw bankroll stays at $14.88.. so down a bit from yesterday.. and I won't whine about bad beats  ..
The cats are gone. All 3 of them.
I do hope many of my new followers are from around Sydney Australia  Welcome to my tweets anyway.
@RC73 I hear U. I can barley keep up with the followers I currently have. Its tuff on a mobile device.
Applying for part time jobs.  LMAO Hopefully someone needs some help. ~AP~
Looking forward to a short work week followed by a mini-vacation in Clemson
@TysonColinJoe I use an external track ball with my laptop. Againthanks everyone for praying for President Aquino.  http://plurk.com/p/rreml
@jesterjay SWINE FLU. Some family just came back from MexicoDone with classes and packing for the atlanits!! I hope miley's there
voyed on MTV Movie Awards  Mostly on TWILIGHT and SLUMDOG   http://is.gd/wBt6
@jsmithready It'd be really hard to give up my chocolate while reading.  Does chocolate count as a food?
@readerwave if I know what you want it is easier to please you ;). I am glad you mentioned it
@alansmitheejp yeah i want to know what that is too!
@Tamarzipan My windows open and its not that cold ahahah
Hell@runawayblue don't worry though@earth2mars definitely dont be offended. im messing around with various twitter apps and strange things keep happening.
got all A's
Man with a great sense of humour... Venky Pachad?
@kouzrah etherreal WAS my main preoccupation. Now it's EtherREAL's preoccupation... humm... me ? schizophrenic ?
@chuckiem  YesShower. Class. More class. Taking care of my lady-friend. Writing like there's no tomorrow.
Well hopefully the rest of the day gets better.
is sitting thru the boring bits in Titanic waiting for the good bit to start in couple of hours
@neonbutterfly1 Thank you! I hope you saw the 2nd one I posted - the 1st won had some wonky color thing happening.
@AnnebrittB slaying dragons &amp; rescue innocents@criminalminds  out of commish for a few days in ATL with fam.  Just saw the updates to the .net website... Looks AWESOME!
@littlefluffycat hehe--sorry.  I've never been very good at blending in...
@teemwilliams i feel that!! esp when you know u aint done the wrong  &lt;3 U!
is thinking about &quot;magnetism and spiritual equilibrium.&quot; My do you alcoholics have a way with words!
I think it's time to take a shower &amp; get ready for the dayy.  I hope we go shopping while we're in Mason today. I want new clothes!!
@WalkingHorse glad to hear that    Do you have a busy day today?
@lola0507 hi my love! Im okabout to book train tickets for friday!
JI wish I had a friend that was a chiropractor
May the fourth be with you.  Oh come on@bonobo_fr Yes I saw the Village but the restaurant in the Village Square has a sign above it that reads &quot;Digestif.&quot;
@matalatine I scare you? No!
@sankar_datti Thanks sankar for ur wishes
Nailing some webconcepting *in the zone*. I should be awarded..
Back at it after a weekend of working in the yard. Didn't open the laptop onceWhole body is sore from moving hundreds of pieces of luggage last weekend.   Guess I should visit the gym more often
found rollo! and got happy  hmmm.. guess i really do need to be inserted back into the matrix 0_o\
@midnatsol hello hun@Jazzled4life Doubtful! It's going to be on 24/2!
@photojack i am tempted to say that twitter is the best thing since sliced bread  #togs
@GaryED46 I'm supposed to be bug fixingI'm now totally addicted to Farm Town. FranklyBack from NYC... convinced on moving to the LES by Fall
@WaleDC Philly hasn't played it yet!!!  You have to do something about that!! Please
@OurLittleAcre I guess@kristalswan You're welcome! Cutie-pie kiddo.. in your picture btw  Love those shades!
Check out my song &quot;time to lose it&quot; on www.myspace.com/flownyce you'll enjoy it I promise
@Pixeljunkie202 Kind of glad I never started Kings now - one less thing to be upset about
wishing I were somewhere else besides here!!  Don't worry this won't dampen my day and neither will the rain
another weekMmm wasabi coated peanuts! Burns so good
::Ugh:: Euro Civ exam... Studio Later though
Happy Star Wars Day@mythalez Scii-fi effects definitely look silly no doubt but its worth a watch inspite of that!!
ahhh bank holiday slept late now going to dinner in my sisters whos a real &quot;monica&quot;  hahah and im late il get cold dinner now
got a translation offer today. couldn't say nohahas . dam tried . just nw got exam . don know how much i will get . . but i having fun today . with my pri sch friends  until 5plus . =D
Goooosh! Someone payed my LastFM subscription  ^^
@edwelker make sure you practice your hooping today!
@arodomus aww sorry to hear you are having a bad time. Remember: this too shall pass
@jordanknight are you TINK'N the people on the street in NY waiting 4 friday are crazy? Brooke
The phones are lit up like christmas trees. Go to work people. You don't have to get everything done on monday.
Happy Star Wars Day // Will Week
@kirstiealley that is soooo scary! Be careful! We only have one Kirstie!
@darlsXzpott3r I'm doing good thanks   And yourself? and sorry@ddlovato who said demi can't wear her Converse with her dress oh babyDefinition of senioritis: Me. About to go to chem II and calculus. Not good classes to feel like slackin
@BadAsh77 got it i'll send you an email in a lil bit i have a lot to say
@gthogan I think you forgot a couple exclamation points.
@TheRealKeeks Thats ok Keeks I'll Pass the 151 to you that will chill you out
Have 3 of the 5 grandbabies again today. 19 month old twins and a 3 1/2 month infant. I love every minute of it too.
Trying to figure out the perfect way of leading a principled life
@OfficialBabyV I wish you where going to be in the Saga
check out the flyer i designed for the notary and retrograde: http://rachellovespeace.blogspot.com let me know what you think
Now I'm following you Ah Ha! Love your laff
@JustZIPP hey rocstar
monday morning. what to do. ...puzzles!
@The_Gov hi gov!! How are you?
@scooby867 Cheers for that! Will have a look at that later and hopefully get sorted!
@mrjoecool well praise the lord 4 gud moods i kno i need 2 b 1A little bit of good news.
Jaydiohead &quot;No Karma&quot; ? http://twt.fm/91610 #musicmonday This is not the android I was looking for. But it'll do.
virus hunting on computer - always wondering what it will destroy
If you carry your childhood with you@DaisyCurlyCat oh wow@martinb9999 need to get an intel based mac 1st   but this impacts on dual core vs quad choice@gfalcone601 I think sandwiches or something like this with ham and cheese
listening to my future roomie speak in chapel
@rocketheartx YES SHE WANTS A COOKIE. SO DO I. ESPECIALLY THAT ONE THAT ARCHIE GOT FROM COOKIE ) ... RP?  mark the date
@MattyOsborn YIKEYSSS!!  I'M HARMLESS REALLY!! JUST WANT SOME ATTENTION FROM BRODY!!!
@wendywings Just hoping you're okI honestly hate what I have said to some ppl sometimes. sorry for makin an ass of myself to anyone.
Packing for Florida  What's the liquids in a carry-on rule - 3 or 4 oz? Haven't flown in over a year
@jadeofjades  I Hope You're Okay.Do What Beyonce Do...
Waiting in line for the Beast with Matthew.    I won't be riding.
That kids is what you get when you leave your computer unattended@victoriastrauss you knowi miss you tooooo  you arent too far! *A*
i'm about to munch on some more high calorie things!  they keep my brain working
@weirdFishes you're very welcome! I love reviewing free apps as much as downloading/using them!
@DRESINATRA that's dope!  stay out of trouble
Kinda doing nothing. Life is boring. I feel like changing my look. Let's go shopping tomorrow
Watching my bro play footyball
Time to get purrtty. *wink*
@peechXXXX  http://bit.ly/SjNAx If he is saying something I don't fully understand@datalore_tv I hope Shatner didn�t address that message to philosophers. We�re doomed if they stopped thinking
Tooth ache...but still sipping lol at the fam. Partyyyy
just getting off of work for the day! Hope everyone has a wonderful mother's day tomorrow! Hope you enjoy ur cheesecakes too!
@jeffpower What are you reading?
ops   that lol wasnt supposed to got to twitter
resting had a whole day of walking
@_handz_ it was quiet.... unfortunatly but what the hell it's good the chill out too right?
@coolzebras They open at 9 a.m.   And I hope to be there shortly after that.   No guarantees for me though!
@mamapigeon I be ok@The_Tech_Update Do you know your Nutty Newsire twitterfeed ones are coming through w/o links? I can't be lazy without the links...LOL
Pretty  is it long or short? Sparkly or shiny? Lol
@robdyrdek You knowOk peeps...I'm not crazy...I was twittering 2 someone but had no idea how 2 direct msg from my cell! Blonde moment!
@ATL_Da_Realest hehe hell. I'm finna qet to drankin DAMNIT.
@michaelsheen OMG that's really good i want to see the photos! have a nice day
@wearpalettes I really don't want to send it over this site....it's kinds private...
Recovering from my crazy family. I love themi gots a summer job
hanging out with my babyy
@eeshkapeesh Aw@CHAUNDON SON! WTF?? She just bit holes in the damn bread!!! Who does that?? Why has God forsaken me?? why?
@flamingokitty *hugs* me not sad reallyLil Kim ;  Download omq ; i think i like that sonqq noww lol .
@retrorewind can you play I Wish by Jordan Knight
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there!
I wonder if I should put a bet on Cubs winning world series in 2015 due to BTTF II. I'd love it if it actually happens.  Me = geek
@gregfairbanks They better not be out when I get there.  I NEED MY FIX!
Rewarding myself with dinner at American Dream pizza on the rooftop terrace. Perfection  got 7 pages done on the prospectus!!
@animesnob yeah i checked iti am promsing miiself im not goin to hurt miiself for the rest of the day...wow that will be a miricle if it happens  lol
Tomorrow's mother's day. I need to get all my crap together soon.. Noor left@psuperstar the problem is@shelby_says ha ha funny
@esoterismo My Dad told me music that has the power to heal the soul. Sure is true of yours
A painter paints pictures on canvas.  But musicians paint their pictures on silence  ~Leopold Stokowski
@TheTinyJEWELBox No@jasontryfon Are they abusing your service? Manual follower management is a pain. I love the style.
@ploogle Whaat? That would seem to be a very powerful spell. Kind of tips the scale in their favor.
@debadowling...OOOPS AGAIN@ParkerAngel this is very true about @patofnavar! but you do have to admit it was pret-ty funny! im bout to go you tube it!  lol
@13rianDavis sometimes ... you just have to write it off ... and start from the top of your tweet stream.  The past has happened
havent been on in awhile.  no point anyways
And I just left ana's. Graduation and u saw laura carlos's ex and she's still whack
@LovelyLu I don't watch - just wish - TV's been off for months- I love it  Guess I won't win though LOL
@Adamfyre absolutely!
@OMGitsBrianna I love koda!!! He is sooo cute!!!!! You guys have that in common!!!
fuck you is all i have to say
needs shows before wednesay!!! oh well... come one come all... Irvine Improv live @ Gotham Showcase 8pm  lots of good comics...then me.
@Taryll um...how long has it been since you slept?? startin to worry over here.. well i hope you are having fun... lots of love to you
@_Esme_Cullen_  I'm taking a million songs from your blip.fm station thing. Sorry
@dontspell_esl  If in doubt@allthatglitrs21 you mum sounds so humble ! what a sweet thing to ask for
Having a long island ice tea
@slushy_gutter Trent wore that shirt at my show
@kellie_apple miss you too kid i sent msg to you on yt
causee not everyone can pass the challenge test duh
Just snuck out my window.. Now im laying on my roof looking at the stars. Its a nice night out tonight.
@Migg But I can still putt 30 yards longer than you can hit your driver
@UncleRUSH get well soon! God is watching over you
@GabrielCarrejo sorry my friend ... but @intel is paying the mortgage!
Nyappy mother's day to your mom's.
@Sophie_Lhoste Thanks you so much for following me on Twitter; I hope you find it as exciting as I do! Looking forward to your tweets!
@chupacharged you drank it on the sly@imjstsayin Im doing ok.  I have a 15 year old going on 35 that is driving me crazyhttp://twitpic.com/4w3he The pretty flowers john mains brought the ladies 2nite!
@eamobile I apparently have crappy typing skills...lol sorry
my mum would be happy to receive 2 handbags and a card from us today. heheee.
Off To The Movies With Abby (Who I Have Not Seen In FOREVER) To See Star Trek. L8er Twitter Folk
sorry for taking over twitter with my i-can't-sleepness
is ONLiNE  http://plurk.com/p/stjdg
@JoyofZen mmmm it all sounds tasty. i had some spiced rum earlier@Wolfie_Rankin And until soy beans have TEETSExhausted after coming home from a swim this morning! It's more tiring than I remember! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
That's how you go from series to season. The days of being an elite team are over in Dallas. EPL Derby Day tomorrow. Tell me what I miss.
now watching kill bill vol. 1  i love movies so much.
@Paul_Coleman Looks a little too &quot;fried&quot; for meThank youLeaving the beach .. Having a great day with vicente .. We needed this time together
Hmmm.. If I skip the grocery store and head to Walmartjust got home from a partyyyy. had a good time. can't wait for my birthday in 7 days!
just found two very moldy and squishy reasons why non cracker based foods aren't allowed in the play room. When mom's away...
@iPhoneAppAttack I thought it was pretty good! I'm not a die hard Trekkie either.
Wait...I thought it was 9:50? Don't we have till 10?   #sigjeans
@mattmoreno I really like miller park too  too bad the cubs aren't leading@SongzYuuup good@Late2thePartee feeling any better hon?
@Paigex3 hah yeah@collective_soul i look forward to your new cd  big fan
@coopertracy   SorryYao...broken foot...so much for that series  Denver's next
presentations done@Dhympna Link won't openScream just played on my iPod. First thing that comes to mindJohn@SongzYuuup u welcome babe@sargeabernathy purrrrs.... ooooh that will do
@GreenNinja89 after we pissed you off
@djempirical Have to listen to samples to make sure I'm thinking of the same stuff. LoudAt Green Hill with my phi mu girls for spring formal 2009!!! yeah man! Do it
New phone pwns
Ahhh my mommie got me new sheets for my bed  so comfy
I want to read my book@misterdevans Not livinghappy mom's day.  i haven't bought a present for my mom yet. what should i get her?
Miley Stevens - Waterhouse is at Jhy's house  http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/6402509
@saharabloom Don't we all!
Gremlin is asleep after a particularly challenging bedtime. I think it's safe 4 me to go to bed -what a crazy Sat night for me!
@Barely Got it! Your in the rundown.
I'm kicking it (though feeling a little sick): alternating talking to friends@tweevii_1222  awwh i heard from daniel that you were sick. feel better!
Chillin with my Family. We are getting tacos from Ochoa's@LTCmusic hehe yeah! Its funny that updating people on the random things you do is so amusing.
I am chillin w/ my homies
it would sicken mostchillen just started on twitter.
blahh i'm tired and i gotta go to the airport to pick my mom up! &amp;&amp; im bored but on the upside im listening to the backstreet boys
@Linz__marie idk...I feel horrible...and I think my mom would be suspicious since I've been in bed for a straight 2 daysHappy Mother's Day to all the Momma's to be and Mommas currently.  Have a wonderful day!!!
We're practicing our blackjack skills. It doesn't look hopeful.  http://yfrog.com/0l2tsj
@ReRobb maybe tonights the night to pick it up again?
@switchGirl OhRelaxing.
watching hoping for haley
@Joel_Hayes I'm at sharkeez!
@mstrillian sorry I can't help it@slapmaster i know i really wanna do some more stuff im out of school in the next week so ill have a few free days a week... ill hit u up
@kmaco214 No code I think @sunnieM coined the phrase Hottie Switchfoot Guy for Tim HSG for short  ~wendy~
Girls night in portland
i now know that we've made a difference in each others lives...i feel proud.
@piticu21 4n? ma rog  never heard of it  esti beat acum? u tweet too much
@jerrytaft Can you talk to my hubby @actonm and convince him that that's a great present for ALL mommies???
@therealkyra awww what's the matterneeds a non-long distance boyfriend/girlfriend. Watching Sonny with A Chance
Watching the fight video.  Still shots of me breaking his nose to come soon.  Austin D. has some pretty good commentary.
@rexharrislive Thank you very much Rex for FF
@njshoreboy89  and what did i do to u kk thanks
@jakeofficial How about give golf lessons?? AND sing to your student taking lessons??    (JAKEOWEN2009 live &gt; http://ustre.am/2S1Y)
@winebratsf What are those barrels made of? Hey pass that barrel
Movin into the Big Room
@qwe4423 ?. Pick up thatthe free fillin' app on my ipod is fun@verwon and now I am starting to feel really old.
Done a bump out and now back in bed seemingly unable to muster the energy to get up again  Sundays are great.
@diana_truong sunbae* my bad jst scratch wht i said  im talking nonsense here.. lol!!! enjoy the perfs
@barnaby3 Did I miss you going to The Killers or is it soon? Are you excited? I remembered I needed to ask you
clean up day was awesome  portuguese feast was EHHH. lol rain is icky and thunder;lightning is scary
@MissLaniSasha lmfao!!! Yea anyone?? Please?? We're really pretty!!!
its so hard to get mum to answer the phone!! happy mothers day to her anyways..
About to embark on a large tour of bars for a project.  Hopefully I won't die from alcohol poisoning
thinks tonight couldn't have gone more perfect.
@purplish08 hey! Sorry I didn't see ur message to me
@GreeGreece oh wait your in GreeceAlix's graduation party!
@lachrist5067 72-65 Cavs! The score is and was! LOL
got so totally lost that I had to pay for a taxi to get me back to where I was supposed to be. Yeah@lyracole P.S. The &quot;duh&quot; was directed towards myself...
Just chillin at home
@iGaia Nope!  She can travel all she wants when SHE can pay for it.
@V_Simmons everyone has their mistakes to make and lessons to learn. Don't let the negativity get to you.
@brentleary what with the Force MD Tender love how could not love those guys
@JennysMyName bahaso Roman is now on pain killers and some LQ meds. Thanks Jess for agreeing to go get him yogurt before you go out!
singing songs and filming movies  what i do best
Hehe nah just doing this and watching Ace of Cakes with @jlsegarra while our 4-legged &quot;kids&quot; run around. Couldn't ask for more
Speaking to my new tweeples.... getting acquainted with them... If you've never spoke to me.. Do so now
Excellent@MeganWrappe WellI've Got An Urge To Make Music Like Massively.. I'm Going To The Studio
@fankri haha! thanksWatching Gross Point Blank.
http://twitpic.com/4w70j - Left: This is your brain. Right: This is your brain on drugs.
@SECTORLI: just had my debut on Thursday @ The Gallery Lounge! It was fun... can't wait to do the next one!!
@SusanCrenshaw Uh oh!  Hope nothing too damaged.
@SalioElSol08 Haha most def ^__^ Rob a bank with me so i could get all the swedish fishes in the world
'Don't call your mother@marqueA2 Amazing.  Thereby proving we cannot believe anything we see
Is with our dog at the doggy park!
watching Star Trek and next to watch it at the movie theater 'cause the movie is really worth it...
k might take long then a minute then
@khalen it was good. Next time you get oohed you know where to go!
Working on several book projects that are due to be released within the next few months.  I need an extra pair of hands!  It's all good...
Had a nice dinner with the hubby and now on our way home  45 min drive out of the city. *sigh*
@couponprincess Yes!!!! you me @brandyellen and @mkdb won the 4 that were given away    #sigjeans
@kiwi_kikireestl nooo. you were on my yahoo account. hmm. i wanna say b2k days. idk fo'sho
right nowWhy is @MRCRISIS scared or @Mskatrina25 lmao.. Someone pls tell me!!
@karramandi Where r u Yvonne?? Haven't seen u in the google groups in a day or so. Miss ya.
@tatumeubanks I think you were dreaming that!  Howeveris almost over the legal limit of db at the garage.
@superbjorn as always  how are you?
Enjoying the heck out of spending time with Amanda.  Do i really have to go back tomorrow?
@mlomb hiGoing to bed after the CAVS game  Don't judge me LOL
Lifetime movies are lame.  That's for you@meganwest no we had to go to malibu to find a beach!
(bullhorn] tell ur friends 2 follow me  come onnnnnnnnnnnn ppl
@ThinkReferrals oh man I'm jealous!  just got it?
@laurie_pooh what kind of party do we got going now?
mmmm chocky cake in the oven.. smells delicious
&quot;Its a calander.&quot;Calendar!&quot; COLLANDER!&quot; BahahaSpending time with the fammmmm. (: hopefully@danielledeleasa yeeah!! me too! it's amazing!!! I'm freaking out lol
If u want to change the fruitsspeechless
I know I have lots of emails to answer! I will be home tomorrow
is hungryyyyyyy!! going to eat traditional indian food...the pakistani way. woowoo!  hahaha! &gt;[_()\/3
Home empty handed.  No comics found today.  I shall now indulge in my cupcakes from Magnolia Bakery.
Okay now that i will not be able to sleep tonight what should we do
Wats shakin out there y'all ? I'm starting to get nice now@BayoArigbon what you took your bracket off... ? And now it's time for bed !
Sitting at the bonfire@tesser10 Those are the things that mean the world
@theWaif I was wondering about your sanity for a bit thereGOOD MORNING TWEETER WORLD!
@KatiaDominos loll @shereenzangana That was fantastic! Thank you
@Nyblaque - halla!!! doing ok- got a cold but trying to ignore it  how about you?
he's back! meeting him in 40 mins
@TrueBlue9 Venus is my fav character@iampritty sweetie pie@monicacai is over
@DJSpencer19  true. i think its important 2 be sensitive 2 it when we relate 2 others. empathy. a reminder we cant judge a book by a cover
@watsjaydoin I've got 18 yr @ home &amp; 26 out the house &amp; they're always here! AND they bring FRIENDS! WHY?  Hope you have a blessed Day!
btw @austincarlileIs responding to an email.
@scarybunnies Abrams has his quirks for sure.   I'll summarize my post like this: decent flickumm i failed 3 classes - mom's beating my ass in school on monday . RIP Nira .  &quot; yayyy &quot; (the &quot;yay&quot; was a sense of sarcasm) -___-
@BruceOCz Thanks for the advice! Went to the doctor's and slept a lot yesterday  Must be the meds.
Just got a new Ipod.  Life's Good.
@mikewat that picture is priceless! i think @ericharlan might start #sharetub
@minhteeeefresh haiiii sankQ i'm fineee ima js get a checkup cos my rib hurts LOL idk but i shall be fine ~ thanks
Nooo@sjowen I had a double cheeseburger and fries from The Golden Arches....I will be sicker than a dog tomorrow.
This is fun !  haha re guy from all American rejects looks like he's on crack!!
i freaking LOVED star trek  now we're watching xmen.
Finally made it to JP Licks in Coolidge Corner for some Oreo soft serve   http://twitpic.com/4w9pe
Pictures of Cassie from the Crawfish Boil make me smile real big  Also@CeeTheTruthy what kind of food Celli? I'm following you now
Hmm...Whilst@sweetsheilx Same to your mom too pril
@blindllama i can do all that  but wha would i be learning?
Back fr Doctor &amp; officially hv v dry eyes ...  but at least nothing serious
@OfficialAthenaR haha. It does have a nice ring to it (: Lets get used to that. ok! iloveyoutoo.
@debtguide Cool Guide.. My best Tip.. Do NOT Use Them Unless Absolutely Needed !!!
@StampGarden PRETTY! I hope I win
live chat soooon most likely.
@MelvinJames hey there.  How are you. Pleasant surprise
Whoops! Start Trekomg having so much fun watcing house bunny@titothebuilder how crappy for him
@Sij8 2002 - the TSX is nice just cuz it's a new car- handles nice but doesn't have the horses of the TL-S
@lovetf Alright@TR0se school and work that's it really. what about u? still in sac? or am I a tittle late
@inJenious Pics? Ah@jo_dazzles Well tonight would be a good time to watch.
@TokiWartooth  Thanks! My mom's seed is larger and already cracked (and planted). I hope Avalina isn't a dud!
Baltimore beat the Yankees  @Ashley094
@15minsofmetal sweetJust joined. &lt;_&lt; Not even sure if any of my friends have Twittersnow the party begins  prob wont be tweeting again tonight even tho im guessing we'll be up for hours@AmyyVee didn't make it to 1000 but I smoked her.  She's at 60 and I'm at 260.  thank you! How r u?
@GetReadySetGo thanks!!  I'm a fabric addict lately - I've bought soooo much!
At the movies. . . About to watch Star Trek!
Happy Mother's Day one day early to all moms everywhere---you deserve to have your own day.
@christyharrison iloveyoumoreeee
@AboveAllFabric  Hells Yeah. Block away. Just not sweet lil' ole me.
@BPDINOKC Thanks!
as we were disembarking @ Tswassen we saw a pod of killer whales ^^ i'd just finished pointing out that i'd never seen bc killer whales.
Got to reconnect with some dear friends tonight.  I am so lucky to have so many great people in my life.  I am blessed
diiinner  its sooo cold right here D:
@tiffrobyn lol what did Perez say now?? please don't make me actually go look
today was alot of fun. i love my family @andylevy p.s. i heart your face
@govinda108 um that's really scary@karleigh Can't wait@jt nope not yet. but we have to be out of this one before we close. we are closing on both the same day this week
watching &quot;Steel Magnolias&quot; then going to bed. I have to babysit at one tomorrow. then give mommy her gift!  nightMy husband thinks my Twittering makes me a creeper... whatever.
@vivid13 Good for you! I don't think I'll be joining later. I'm hyper as hell@HomeBizLiz thats rough. hubby had knee surgery but it did help him in the end. Let us know the results. We'll keep him in our prayers
@andrewgoldstein 11 30s way early! anyway nigth night  love you!
Greg back in the top 10. This is why I love Nascar.
@ladybee_5652 ... =D ok wassup
@alchristopher i know u r!  i wont be there til the 6pm service..will u be there?
Just got in a fight and kicked out of the bar. At least I knocked him out. Have a fat lip though.  Pulled another number
@wordcharmer pffftt! You know how I like to stay busy!  I'm Awesome (and sober...dang)! How are you??
is hanging with Bryant&amp;&amp;Haileeis feelin it
@thebadhousewife  Goodnight.
@siempreuntigre It's the fact that I need to get through half a course by 9 am tomorrow morning that has me down. I'll be at reunions!
bored.. almost mothers day
@superfro432 Is it bad that I'm sitting here watching a #Pens replay and getting excited? I think it's the coffee@CarCrashHearts what do i have? lots of stuff.
just spent an hour doing a dino blog on myspace. i loveeeee dinos! &lt;333 Oh and the movie was really funny.
is hittin' the ole dusty trail w/ Miss Morgan.
I'm sadly dissapointed in the show ''Jonas''. Good shows on disney= hannah montana &amp; wizards of waverly place.
no @AlexisMarie23Yay we're gonna leave earlier!  Can't wait to get back to Hawthorne!
Dad just gave me his old BlackBerry. Not that old... But it doesn't even have a scroll ball. I want that Bold.
Be my Yoko Ono and follow me wherever I may go !
@jyamasaki Ok.. so what do you think of a snapshot befoooore the vid recording on Seesmic so the ladies dont look like freaks? just sayin
@mrskutcher http://twitpic.com/4w9zb - must... stick.. my... thumb.. in .. chin... dimple!! lol  my hubby has one lol  but his is un ...
yay i hit 50 subscribers on youtube. go me  lol.
sitting in bed thinking
@WalkingHorse New constructions poping up all over there now
Ready to chill on the couch and watch a movie
Jus hit the casa@loveashlay How about I make some more and bring u sum?
@janicejenelle - thanks... I may have narrowed the location down to the car... hoping it's there
@shadowcelery It's great
Surfing the web...
@dudeman718 Have you seen Wolverine?  Might want to change that pic.  There's a new sheriff in town.
@jsie We got out there and the cafe was booked solid. LOL Doesn't matter - Mum got some plants anyway.
I need followers!!!
Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation. Tis nothingLearning how to jerk and stanky leg at sunset cliffs. headlights spotlight  with colorado and fam
We are in the State of Cheese - YUM! Green@afton_volturi ** Slaps self on forehead **  Pardon me!
also @haveitsweet your caramels are like crack....  just thought you should know.
Ima go to sleep long day ahead....And its all Benicks fault Yao is out for the rest of the season! NOOO!..staying home on a Saturday night...SHOCK....got my phone fixed
@madfatter I just re-skinned. Still figuring why tweetsuite isn't updating
With sean s. watching house of a thousand corpes
K now thatkrys: running@myjacksonbrowne  hey y'all@studio8 --sorry for running over uncle Terry@Carolina2676 lol... that's cool u can enjoy the show together! Tell him I said hi!
@SKORPIOLOVE  I know... just when I was starting to think this break-up was gonna have me up all night tossin and turnin.. no ma'am!
@emilmor mmmLaying in the dark thinking of you.
@NeishaNay im gone miss ya'll Lol.don laugh@me im serious.its bittersweet. lookin forward 2goin home but cant wait till nx semester!
Trying this twitter thing out. Facebook is finally a routine for meChilling wit da bestie kendra...lmao!! she fell out da shower...gotta luv her tho..!!  *~P?T~*
@cl2425 Hey girl!  Yeah@critter42 I know   Guess I was hoping they'd revitalize the plot lines as well instead of reverting to old cliches!
bundy. in 3 days.!!!! warm weather here i come!
@bitchmobile I had one of those in south Florida. Mowing around it could hurt
@IAMSNARKY hmmm how bout my boi an me jammin sum john stephens for ya?
Happy Mother's day! Sent msg to mom and got her phone call. I wish one day we can live in the same city so I can take care of her.
you can learn a lot from another person.. dont try to out better oneself when its all about love and happiness  goodnight
@stefangilbert thank you
@SohFahrKreyZee oooh im sorry to late i smashed it
@thomasfiss Lucky you...my day has gone by with large amount of boredom...and a little stress. The detalis can get a bit gruesome
good talk with @broskey  muchos needed
Sushi two nights in a row isn't THAT wrong is it?
@SuperwomanAK that is awesome!  spent the day studyin@momtoboysx3 I'm here if u need to vent!
Just got my 3rd tattoo  owwwwwww lol
@tncc24 - yay for getting errands done! oh@atexasattitude I'm sorry darling... I'm all over the place tonight.. I didn't mean to neglect you..
@kelleydmcguire I don't know. What does it take to butter you up? Actual butter?  xoxo
@positron76 You have to come to Chile... with AC/DC would be fine
@acinerba Oh man@moviegirl09 *laughs* reading?!  not happening!  i'm glad alice was in the shower@scalzi Happy Birthday  I didn't get you anything@blathering lucky e went!  jealous!
Well I'mma tweet out! goodbye tweeters!
At the wedding reception. Having more fun than I thought
@scalzi my attention for the length of time to type this? Tell ya what@sodaly you are welcome  @pamslim's book is a good reminder as to WHY we escaped the cube!
@Bball4life lol thanks.  I do like to be on top. I'm going to enjoy this. How long can I be up there?
Then me disliking you is a rumor!  cyndi! What made it look like i didn't like you?
http://twitpic.com/4wegx - @stealthrose Lol.. sorry. Too damn funny!
@DROStreetTeam09 well keep me posted if it comes out fully thanks
@eclip5e Good lordhttp://bit.ly/T17fl  mary ann &amp; frances are gunna kill me
Geeze- I'm just wondering what is wrong with some people. I either need to go for a run or go to sleep. Tomorrow should be a fun day.
Chillin Waitin For My Hunny Baby To Get Out Of Work!!!!!  To Get My Drink On While Finishin Da Song I Have
@AdiumX time to learn another language?
Nothing like In 'n' Out and a LOST marathon after a long day of work.
@xoangelbabiixo @Babygirl9415 @thatmjgurl @kevinjlover @allecat @agirlcalledana @rawritsria @bubbles303 @ILY_beckett Thanks so much !
@Absturbation yeah ... he was 0-3 and SCOREless tonight
@xVOJOx It was crazy all day today and I have a feeling it's going to be that way tomorrow@TheRaj I kind of figured. He'd probably be unable to reason out why a lot of the things in manga happenis on air
@duckamin If it makes you feel any better.. My Saturday night is lame as well. I heart you
in the words of liana corber: Moreover@TrevorAB aww you poor dear! But it was awesome you came out to race!
can't wait to see those pics @yikes77
@carlito2009 haha that's always a good jam
@brucefloyd ps- are you a doctor or swine flu paranoid??
Home with Maddie  I'm tired.. Goin' to bed afterwards
@oharris69 JUST like to clarify that I am a unable to acc. review vibrators as have not testrun any. *not an invitaiton for freebies
Finished dinner @ apple bees  off to Freds in PB for drinks!
@carlossoto nice to meet you. Mike@kelvinlls Hey Kelvin@judez_xo oh and i know brody and erin
@james_a_michael It doesn't look like you're tired in the pic.  Don't work too hard.
Ur performance of love sex magic was awesome!
@skie and how are you going to make it up to me
To bed I go   Nighty Night
@KnightGrl OMG I'm sorry to hear that! I will keep my fingers crossed that you find something
@FoxWhisperer  My Dad worked for SW when I graduated HS. Worked at HOU 21 years.   He retired 3 years before I joined the Company.
@MissXu Nope  Not that I have to worry about the possibility. I'm more worried about GOOG's design than her personal taste@marcelatanaka You are welcome@HollyMVG That's awesome. Biking is an underappreciated activity these days.
The Veronicas are gonna rock the stage tomorrow  HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY EVERYONE!
@lyssaloo I was gonna text u and ask what puff meant!!
I had a GREAT day with you guys today! We went to the Clay House for Emily's birthday &amp; had lots of fun. We will have 2 go there again.
@alexosh1234 not worth it! I love the free version for the iPhone though!
@Lemonpi PH and I are having a macaron smackdown...except he is not aware of it...It's all being played out in my head
Tonight's SNL does not dissapoint. LOL
i have a sunburn line on my back from the tag sticking out of my tank top all day..... ugh. i need aloe vera!! went to the park again
's plans didn't go as followed@FlamingBluStar Sorry to hear about the laptop troubles. Hope you can get them fixed and the lappy back to norm.
@Tyrese4ReaL hi (My Man) lOl I love you too... The song was clearer just had to turn my phone down
I like Sunday afternoons ...
@carbaby and @travisgarland great seein you guys today!!! you look so happy  love it!! lets hang out soon!! love yall!
cant find my shoes. :/ hope its as bad as itll get 2nite.  im happy.
@ArnaudJacobs  I always thought scuba diving would give me a entirely new perspective of the worldLoong line for 7:00 trek. Started around 6. I'm trying to block the sun with my hand
@thnkhappythghts HIM shirt at dinner? Do you need to ask??  Does it actually have Ville on it?
@JonathanRKnight Thanks so much Jon.....same to your mom    That is so sweet of you to think of all of us
@mirder http://twitpic.com/4wfs8 - You are so weird. You need to lay off the smokeswow its only 9:30
@Renesmeeeeee *hugs back* me too
@bhl1 I hope so! My sister lives there!
he said for real
@julieannee sup betch
The 22nd can't get here fast enough!
party was awesome. soooo tired@cptheartist 'wife a chick' LMAO!!  no problem with marriage. just negative symbolism attached to the jump-right-into-the ring bling thing
Have you ever been so exhausted your entire body aches? I'm there! Lights out - Goodnight little tweets...sleep tight
I feel like I need to catch up on twitter haven't done much of it this weekend!
@AlimSalahuddin LOL!!! I'm going to see it maybe today
@omgfasho brent is going to 789... and charles and dave we neeeeeeeeed to go
@Jordanbrown Get her Clogging Shoes
@stovertile Etsy handmade cards weren't any good?
@TheDailyBlonde No i am not a mom or dad@rustycoon Edgefest!  or maybe  since you're driving...
Hmm I guess where the world is headed 2day....Lets make predictions
These difficult situation force us to think about marrying a lovable girl
@JonathanRKnight so seriously...I need a date to a wedding. Really dont wanna go alone. Its May 23rd...any chance?
I do amazing at beer pong with my brother
@schappie That's just weird... :\  Oh@Yungrichhustla ohh kayy fasho if u go tonight have fun for me
@FlyAArmy Yep- same here. I have to be in the mood 4 it.
@Nora_78 I'm sowwy u have to work w/an idiot. I will call u if u want. Just to break up ur day.
@lindentreephoto Unless you mean the 2 hours a week i use for sleeping. Yeahi think i might have got a little bit of a tan today
@hma4983 I'm a laid back person for the most part@kricket_rc234 haha  yup. but still have a terrible headache and super swollen and puffy eyes! i dont think im going out today.ugh!
To all the moms out there in this world have a HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
@CharlieShrem  alright...I'm going to get off comp nowjuss boreddenjoyed a good time out tonight.  Stupid movie@renu19 lol y??? .. trashed the kitchen ?
@JayLink_ I'll be glad to help in any way I can
@chi_weets don't hurt me :'[ I meant it in a good way  :]
Exhausted. Thank goodness my race is almost here! All this training is ruining my social life
i love twitter
@dorzki good morning  good luck! Belive in you
@invalid_reality damnMy sister graduated today  it was amazing and super emotional. Wow ...
@ShannonKuhns NahAbout to leave the fights. I'm tired and my voice hurts.
Halla Miss Haloom  .. how are you dear? am doing fine so far but .. eeem worrying about rationale project.. Allah eyaseer inshallah
@djStunz HAHAHAHAHAHHAAAA god Randy@da_gurl_cece what up?
I have a tummy ache. Buy me this - http://tinyurl.com/pavh76 and I'll feel better.
@shaundiviney best movie ever
Just saw G.O.D perform I love you I thank you by MC Mong.
@SassySpider follow me too
@henrytweet good luck with the pump!
@denverflyhigh Man it will be a sweep no worries
Soooo high
@UncleRUSH Hope you get better. I know you will have the best medical attention. if not let me knowPacking up and leaving inlaws house heading home sweet home... Had a nice weekend and back to work in a few hours
At Bidor with @cincauhangus eating Wantan mee n drinkin Cham Ping.
uploading new videos on youuuchuuub!
2 hours 3 mins left.....THE PRESSURE!!!! We need to hurry  #48hours
@JoeyyJ thats cool. My mom is a teacher in Burbank so we're always like right there. XP ahww i wanna go to the Bahamas!
@jmstewart0220 I know!!  It was great!!
@nadyogaga yes2 bgt! if everything goes well i'll catch their reunion concert
@katekintail Better than nodding off when you're &quot;IN&quot; one  LOL
Looks like I have a couple hours of software updates to install on the brand-new machine... feels just like Windows
Happy mothers day!
@lightbrightly haha@Nololos yeah  just told Stanley its the only time I want to slap girls icky bitches encoraging bad behavior
@jphauk huh what the fuck? Smelly? Noooo. I love alex Vixon
Wal mart
Trying to look up Iowa State Fair Art entry information. Hope to get a piece in this year and maybe win something or get noticed.
@biancamichellee haha kk tell me when u remember
sad that borders did not have guerrilla gardening book but otherwise a most lovely relaxing day
Happy 11th  I'm going to sleep now lolz
gooooonight twitter...... i hope im better tomorrow
What does &quot;drink responsibly&quot; mean to you? Please share a tip (or two if you're drunk right now  )
@DurbinDigital LOL@PlumpPeaches I'm glad you're little Prissy is doing well. It's obvious how much you love her w/the treatment she's getting
final oneThere's a 1- had a great time at the 'block party' - so did mackenzie
@MichelleMontana lol..well..no. I've had insomnia since I was 23 :-/ &amp; since then dont sleep a lot of hoursMy dad's drunk off his ass. Today was successful.
Yep@lightgood thank you  You too! I hope this turns out to be a top week for you.
im gettin off nd watch a movie nd have a couple of drinks nd shots   ill try 2 get get back on if i can
hanging out with Dan and Brian in my room for my last night
@findingurstyle lol it's funny but it's not the back... it's all in the legs ;) and I've never hurt my back! Thank God!  Thanks 4 watchin!
if tonight was anything like summer i cant wait
only got 22.90 in tips last night.. (N) but he earned bulk money anywho
OK its official I&quot;M OLD! at least I feel likewise OLD &amp; TIREDD &amp; WASTED!!
@andycane wow.... really?!? is this necessary??
@kimberley_ thats coz we love you
nopeHappy mother's day to all mothers here!
@lexjosephine I heard about your reply! im so jealous! kevin is my favorite! haha
@SusanRaymond thanks for the ok ...hope we can tweet more down the road
Omg Wango Tango was fucking AWSOME! I love my baby for taking me
@BLaCkitaLiaNa7 ay uuuu  happy mothers day
mothers day@FokusChicagoKid Ah....okay
Wine and Saginaki with 7 friends = good times
watched 100th episode of numb3rs. loved how they did a throwback to the first episodehip hop is alive &amp; well in nashville tn!
Campfire and smores
I HAVE NEW WORK COMING OUT
I'm baking cookies. What are YOU doing?
niggas got they eyes on me and i aint talkin bout da BM when i say i got 745 on me
@DanielAlxander I like that...gonna have to re-tell
@howardlindzon Obama support still at 821 - he's up 13% - needs to hedge his FAS position  heard he bought some stocktwits sweatbands
@DrMeredithGrey i think she'll pull through.
@tenticketthrill ahahaha! That's funny.
@TinainMelbourne Will do
@niw Thought you should mention that you don't need to enable Growl in Tweetie to make your plugin workcan't keep eyes open....*shuts eyes*
Is coming to the end of his first shift  6.30 local
@MissSididdy ur welcome...anytime
http://twitpic.com/4wjjs - i aint a playah@misskg86 thanks kelly! that means a lot.  have you figured out your apt thing yet?
@gotsthepeppa woo! I was at whole earth tonight@LMRB besides when u come and visit ill have more room for u!
@FLallday Hey Kevin! YeahHave been writing since 6pm &amp; I only have 300 words. Can't help but edit as I write. Stop it@cubbygraham I wanna come!!! How come u didn't invite me!
@quincyanne Yeshavin fun my friend?
its mothers day
@ChrisPeezy angels even though I'm probably not the third... ANGELS AND DEMONS
happy mother's day!  http://bit.ly/6fGxd
@iamjonathancook pleaase dont start dating her@sareybarey I just watched that episode again last night.
@GenesisFireMoon Ah sorry to hear that@donttrythis Something like that happened to me once: We closed the side door too hard and the engine locked up
love it when my sister brags! but she's too tired too spell bowling right! haha its ok I &lt;3 her!!
@cnystedt Good morning! I certainly did
@tamij Where'd that ? come from? No pup for now. But certainly in the near future. Maybe a beagle. It depends. I do muss my fatboy.
@reesnicole We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol@charleshope When are you and @gracepiper coming over so we can violently agree?
NKU - I can get that app after all!
had a good time at prom. They played Jonas Brothers for me. pretty much made my night...
Currently brushing up on the art and science of selecting good domain names (after having 550 domains the year before with poor results)
@smithld I picked up some stuff I missed the 2nd time  And to think you missed all the in jokes too!
@Nemone1 going to imax @130am
boooo on life decisions....bottle of wine be my lucky eight ball tonight
spirit week! Tuesday have to be in make up by eight so I can die later. School wednesday and thursday then@prayingmother I like tweet deck and I'll try the other one u recomended Thanks
@iamjonathancook awe
Mother's Day has been good for me
I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
Hmm..You can't judge a book by looking at its cover
OH MY GOD STAR TREK WAS AWESOME AND I CANNOT WAIT TO SEE IT AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN. OH MY GOD. CHRIS PINE IS SMOKIN'!
Making my momma a happy mother day card &lt;3 I love my mommy
Ugh! I have to sleep! Tomorrow I will sttart my photobook for my Jonas' concert!  Its just in 1 week@riceballs Belated kay Tita.  Wow! 2 prizes in a day! Congrats!
JB on the front of factor x!!!!! wooh contest timeee
@DanWarp http://twitpic.com/4w9w6 - lol you sure love that sushi. you've tweeted many pictures of it.
If someone in the family died you would of heard about it. Duhhhhhh. . .
@DMBwine yes - I'm having my usual battle with my bed. Bed is winning@michaelsheen ekkk..thats ruff..hope you have a safe flight and good meeting
everything is good except that neck shot and Steve's back of the head shots!
@MissHeatherG we are tooo fly boo
Every day is Mother's Day.... Don't wait for 1 of 365 days to come around to show your mom how much you appreciate and love her.
HAHA THIS CONVERSATION WAS FUN BUT NOW IM TIRED! GNITE!!!!!!!
forgot my macbook's rechargerhttp://bit.ly/wZK3o  &lt;--- Paranoid. I actually like it better performed live rather than the studio version.
http://twitpic.com/4wkpl - Widescreen laptop + rotation + comics = Awesome.
I have the worst stuffy nose EVER. Lauren's spending the night@KrissyKris725 well wassup than dont be scurred now! lol you'd probably like it if it came to biting!
@JonathanRKnight Happy mother's day to ur mom!!! i hope she has a wonderful day!!!!!
Cooking dinner!! Its already late!! am making Cabbage Molagootal for dinner!!
@kc0219 I will! promise to bring me back something from the moon?
i'm going to bed. have fun with the drunk ones.  see ya in the am!
&quot;I'll see you again yeah?&quot; &quot;Its up to you&quot; &quot;I guarantee you will@iadn OkIt's 2am and I still haven't gone to sleep yet! Up early to hit the beach and then shopping! Yays!!!
My whole immediate will be in the same city until some point tomorrow afternoon. This is monumental
@__loss good god woman! Get some sleep!!! I'll call/text when I'm in the city.
done with the packing and everything else ... leaving in 3 hours ...
On my way to see diplo with my girl kathryn at smartbar!
Dahh- I do believe it's time for bed. G'night
@jlojlo you are a very naughty woman - we sooo have to meet!
Who out there loves the soup. I dohttp://twitpic.com/4wkzi - before prom. this is when all the chaos began
@MissNeyra hmm...ok@xxmcr_ladyxx just scared for you! youre so young! @chemicalbullets im okay  what you doing?
@Bella_in_Forks ::static:: I know! I've barely seen anyone since I got into Paris yesterday.  I've just been walking around.  ::static::
I'm off to bed. Head just won't stop giving me pain. ahgg.. Let this sinusno clue wtf im doing
the day after.... I`m not sick but a little tierd...a bit to much to drink@skooter88 me neither at first...but u gotta go thru somethin first to get there lmao...i almost burnt my house down and that set me str8
We're home now
@shadowsinstone And I'm listening.
I have a crush on this guy at my jobi'm staying up to watch it
tried  to sleep but i cant bout 2 call tisha
@wonderdra IT SHALL BE MINE!! IT SHALL... BE MINE!!! *raises eyebrows*
ONE MO TIME BECUZ @AmazingSha HASNT SEEN IT YET!!! AND SHES SOO DAMN COOLChristian doesn't have a Twitter...But he has a cell phone  Hahah..I'm bored.
That was crap.
Had a lovely day with mama cuppy
@drhorrible http://twitpic.com/4w8ja - aw you guys all look adorable@megdia tweet often and it'll draw followers to you
Do you wanna talk
Planning tomorrow's special breakfast Ima cook for mom  she's gona get so happy
@lynne08 okieHappy Mothers Day!  Love your Mom...
@lolove and i got hello kitty tattoos!  she's a ballerina and i'm a ladybug
Semi-intoxicated Tweet
home! day scale from one to ten is an 8  damn i feel old compare to himAHHHH my keyboards getting worse :/ my BDAY's in 1 more day
Surely you have guessedand it is raining in Denver. of COURSE it is
@Karen230683 @amysav83 remember and drink plenty of fluids! and no buwieser dose not count!
has anyone else seen this? the @twitter DM notification email says &quot;reply on we web.&quot; i am all for cool accents@_AlexaJordan sigh. come to Sac please. it is the Miami of the central valley.
that's enough! I'll do nothing for 2 hours.
It's great to be home! Temp is chillWondering if I shouldn't be gettin to bed about now...
ahhh twitter@JennyBax I'm with ya on that one girl!
@theamazon111 Plenty of good trivia on wikihow. Just trying to help  hope u got to sleep by now.
@chore4n yeah... WE STILL NEEDA HANG OUT! Lol. I's glad you had a super time at the show
OK - so I can't sleep...  Twitter it is
@shawtysoDOPE who can do it like we? Noboddddyyyy
Theres nothing like your own pillow.
Church is in 8 hours! I better hurry up so I can get some sleep!
@laurafraley01 if only I had half the drive you had!!!  You are my idol
Saturday Night Live in 3 minutes  Jimmy should still be on it.
@mrskutcher Years agoLess than 99 days til warped tour.
@vobes WE Quite Like Worthing its a relaxing place with nice coffee shops and fresh air.. and not too many Oiks
@blawnoxgirl Yes@chrisettefan the step show was fantabulous! (hi @lcsweets !) my sis's group won 2nd in their division and 2nd in the show overall! WHOO!
@meyen: You MUST watch Grey's. It was their 100th episode. Let me know once you do. I don't want to give out any more details
Ha we made it safely home
following some body on twitter
It's not even cold herehung out with Misty today!!!
@mmitchelldaviss Hello@robyn3890 it was way worse than that ...and where were you why didnt you say hello?
@Twilighter_OfOz cool@IdolScott That is so great Scott!  So glad to hear it went well   People just love you!!  I'd sure have been there if I were closer.
Restoring new iTouch 2.  Excited to use it. Yeeeeeeeee. Goodbye iTouch 1.
@DOOMBUG Totally single.
@ionlydrumnaked i've done that before@JayLink_ yeah
@yansie02 not yet. im still loading it.  have you?
@indieandyy  I hope when you're calling this the shitshow you mean that in a good way. because this will be fun.
just got my BMTH concert tickets  ? youknowimsofreshtilldeath?
@jannarden  I may see the sun come up. All my bits are sore today - but life is still grand  Tomorrow is a new day! Sleep well@andrew_apuya hey hey andrew!!! haha! ;P well happy mother's day to your mum.
@janmcq - that is awesome.
Please remember you need a helmet for the bike asap@Azlen Don't go there  it is all good
@switchfoot My youth group was there! I would have liked 2 go@skullgirl22 you will never be the same...
the voter paint just peeled off my skin. or maybe my skin just peeled off with the voter paint
@cArtPhotography Heyhas just figured out his username and password for his twitter account
Can't sleep. Fucking morning will come to soon. Have to rest! It will be a new day. A perfect day to start new changes
@pabloest beer from japan.  google it
lip syncing &quot;im so excited&quot; wit blairr then were gonna youtube it
@mrskutcher Yes@KilllWill nope@JoelMadden Awe man@discombob Yeah@Icametumbling Yeah@ms_ta_ta haha It's BAD! Anyway goodnightbetter get some sleep soon. she has to get up and go to Sunday meetin' so she can pass out invites to her jewelery party.
@SkinnyInTheCity Good to hear... several of my peeps are working tonight...
@RetroRewind ty for feeding our NK addiction..ermm i mean our uhh nope yup addiction covers it
save me--i feel like i'm going crazy.  ? http://blip.fm/~5z193
Artwork at 3AM. Gotta get this portfolio done for MECA by wednesday. Meeting with milonzzi to review it then.
@ratherlargedog You should hate your gender less. Not all men are bad. In factOMG disco is PACKED!!!
@akomuzikera clearly need to crack the whip some more
@RetroRewind Thank You I came on late so YES didn't have a chance to hear it
HMV Shinjuku
@Marcyluvstravel omg! I dont blame you! hope you didnt hurt him too bad
@marco_cali Good morning
@LauraRepetti i tested on an old shirt first@jeffcannata before I contemplate that any furtherSee FTSK tonight in Grand Rapids
gotta hit the hay y'all. big day with the kiddos 2maro. i love being a mommy  much love-- lil
Beautiful sunny mornig here in LondonWell then andy i dont think you should date me
@jespern Oops! I got taken ...
@solangeknowles And that's what makes you an amAzing MOTHER  HAPPY MOTHERS DAY SOLO!! LUV YA!!
...and for the record...this is the best its ever felt not to cross anything off my &quot;to do&quot; list at the end of the day
@mosdefaqueen My pleasure. I can't be with my mom on Mother's Day. But I can spread love.
@TracyAnn_W Happy Stopping by to wish you a Happy Mother's Day. Tracy   Looking forward to meeting you at the concert.  Hugs....Joy
@nikki_78 yes i have to agree it does
@jimmietryon You can use it for #iPhone app dev.
@ MsRobynp  thank u for that
Bye. Tekzilla@anyidiot I think we could be related
Not to worry@erica_lick sounds like you need a week of digital detox
@mylesagnew NICE! Got any that are indexed that you want to unload?  I need a few.
@SheriRocks What are u doin Sheri?!
@jacquelinesteps Thanks!  Actually@jairodriguez you are super hot on your show
@bsbaegirl unfortunately I know I would like them - which is why I am avoiding themis at denny's right now with the group. prom was fun
@amysav83 you'll be fine  don't worry ... good luck again
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Moms out there.  (I'm kind of a Mom@dagadong  probably why he's still married to Joan perhaps?
is off to Body Power Expo! Thanks to Mike at Performance Network for the free tix!
@nsane8 @Icametumbling  Whether that's good or badjust did my bit to stimulate the economy
its like 2 in the morning..sometimes I just don't know exactly what is best to do..but I will def. figure it out!  ...HAPPY MOMS DAY!
@pamjob yay  i'll do you a heart mk shout in a sec pam
@ ginniejean there's a lot of mojo all over the place...  yes.
@RedJeans542 I have to pee.
Hope everyone is okay@Lukevdp Actually people were more decisive than that.
I was feeling guilty about buying a luxurious pair of shoes yesterday until my house mate just saw them and got over excited
is clamped out...haha
@ezrabutler ...I wonder if the Dog is thinking the same thing....   #fml
@kristenstewart9 Hi!good luck for the mtvawardsI chopped a fringe in last night got tired of having it hang in my eyes. Made a mess
i changed my picture  i am soo screwed@colinkelly thanks colin hearing that bad knee Imor not il crawl over the finish line  your a wee star
Morning@MarkMayhew ha! lemme know what you find (tho I suspect it will be a lot of complaints). Have a peaceful night my friend
@mandysaturn13 @_Bella_Cullen13 posted and its good
Calling it a night .... talk to yall tomorrow
@disang iya@Rayyychell They're for my mama  I always bake late and get worried that the mixer is gonna bother people.
@snoopmikey will terminator be on next week's TRS by chance? and i dont mean tuesday's releasenew photo   im hungry...getting off the computer now!
@foprof LOL.  Leave a kid on internet and the kid will do stupid things.
Here  dude we got here n a table readyyy fo us
@godlessgirl ha@twilightfan01 Lol@tooshort55 it'll probably come out like I'm drunk or something...I'll be so nervous!! LOL...thats why we will be there to help eachother
Home now  phone with jason and it's off to bed i go  good night and good night
@wildmanrouse cool shot!
@BizChamp yes! it definitely paid off ... thanks 4 the advice
@DHughesy @rove1974 dudesExhausted but happy  supercool gig at Love amazing crowd amazing club so happy to be there! Now off to sleep for a few hours
@kelsistoudt kels i think i figured this out.. and yer my only real friend on here so im pretty much just stalking you
Sleep is not coming easy. Sleeping pills. Need them. Maybe this is why my mind is soo wild lately. No sleep=craziness. Proven fact!
hairspray on tv!
[ I'm not sure what you mean by &quot;blowin this joint&quot;?? &quot;] rb@ladypn lol lol good one......  ? http://blip.fm/~5z2zo
just came bak from dancing with my NEEWWWW cd  haha im dancing again
Just got home. :3 Was pleased with Star Trek.
i had a vivid dream last night! i was crooning away
These nice boys realized that we were too short to see over them at the concert and moved   Ugggg@iantalbot It was indeed a lovely evening. Over far too quickly  I got home at 1115 in the end. Coffee in bed this morning
Happy Mother's Day to the tweetin' mamas  Nite tweeple!
@bubbalou1969 Morning LouHappy Mother's Day. . .
http://twitpic.com/4woxf - Hehe@captainludd I will have to see the unveiling of your new LR arrangement!  Is there an official event planned
@rocketman528 How are you?
@tonyt787 I read them a couple of weeks ago  They work really well with the movie.
*sigh* Off 2 bed 2 try 2 get these crummy 2 hrs of sleep b4 my horrid 12 hour day..smh. Niterzzz evry1. Don't let the twitterbugz bite..
im such a sucker for great cottys
Hearing a surprising news about my bestfriend...where are you sis ? You have to tell me the whole story
Off to enjoy a Hanami picnic at the cherry tree park. Hope the weather stays nice.
@janeybelle15 morning sounds like hard work
FINALLY GOT THE BIKE I WANTED!
No burgers to be found. New (old) camera to play with though@iamoph Happy mothers day sharon
stilll awakee :] and its 3am
Oh thank god!  so sad that I'm this happy.
@TaoGem I hope you didn't take that quote personally!! I've been throwing them out here and there all day-guess I shoulda waited a bit
happy 4 all of U who R celebrating mothers day w/ yr moms  i lost MY mom 2 cancer sevrl years ago...
@SteamyDarcy Apple's ads asideNo phone call yett... Hrmm. Maybe a call from my end is in order?  I'll wait a bit longerfound @grahamcoxon's Spinning Top instead of outtamyleague mp3. pardon me sir. but i promise i'll buy a copy of the cd. i'm saving up
@2indya anytime
It's mother day@simplyjesslee she's hot     What is up w/ all the unknown followers? I've got quite a few- no clue as to why they're following ME.
@noisydogstudio sorry 2 hear albert isnt well? dont know whole storyi am a freshman in this site. how to update? help
@deedeedet i know. i need to get their cd somewhere.. hopefully they sell it here in finland.
words to live by  ? http://blip.fm/~5z3ij
@dspecial1 awww  thanks lol - ermm what happened to the studying !? ha ha
Now comes the fun part  Because you can find only a few offers per country or you live outside USThis is to all the people who have MySpaces: PLEASE ADD!!! http://wwww.myspace.com/fiftyfivethreads it's my friend's clothing line
@jesssseca i won't make u cry
@Caps_Girl Girl@faulko1 was always told to keep sucking something like fruit gums
@kerri_louise so i can just watch that again  x
@iamcomedy how abt we wait til summerOmg soo tired! On my way home! Long busy day ; had fun meeting new people and catching up with some people!
Huh @kaichanvong ? What's wrong with UNIX environment dev's ?
@4everBrandy Looking forward to your show tonight! Enjoy your time in Belgium
This site made me &quot;lol&quot;@porquechutzpah Their coming tomorrow morning and it's sort of an impossible task. I just need to clear some space. Thanks though
Woke up really late today. Just had breakfast. Planning to stay homeBest show of my life. Guess I'm going to sc this week
Good Morning!!! Work and then it's ESPN's Sunday night Baseball. hopefully it won't get rained out
@DawnRichard OMG!! I done died and went 2 heaven...thanks so much 4 the response...I'm cryin' right now...Luv ya!!
@nick_carter http://twitpic.com/3mdce - ONE ROAD@selenagomez u should tell ppl where u'll be in vancouver.
@holidayrooms WhoahWatching &quot;Hostage&quot;! Also got an idea for that animation i'm making. Hope to have it ready and post a link here by the fifth of June
Chris pineoops! ignore last post  meant to be a direct message!
@_ahseya_ cool i want you to take a look at this and tell me what you think
@jedwhite - hey@fromblueskies Just wanted to point out that on Youtube@natzini Oh noGetting anxious for Blink- 182's new album!
@victoria1810 im so fucking proud of you
@igobypambeasley glad you could make it
Flap-a-taco was nice until the plebs came in.
I can't open my eyes properly@lulaeats how was the ice cream?
@jdlcaroMama? you're the best thing that ever happen to me. thanks for everything  &amp; and sorry for hurting you... I LOVE YOU!  &lt;3
@califmom @sendchocolate - we're getting closer rather than further from REAL lobby dates - ChicagoI feel 5 pounds lighter
4am. And Im on the beach. Pretty
@konaish Do you know if you text to 40404@crazyjen85 gotta love the summer
mothers day..didnt do anything exciting...saw a movie
@kaysesoze u drink mor than all th #g1freaks put togetha!
a bacon roll and a tea and the (hack)day is your friend  #openhacklondon
@kay2thetie she's a feisty little cat! she'll keep them on their toes maybe.  yay kitties!
Another loser: Crap. I have lost the game more times today than any other day in history.  lost.. http://tinyurl.com/qa4cdv (@ilostthe ...
Recogns he could get his assignments out of the way by June  bring it on
Loves fatty take away nights... yummy  then coming home and facespacing with my roomies
just got home  but about to leave again
@PinkyNKOTB hi I'm ok   still not feeling great
@IIanS I love U2! LolOK tweeps.. sorry. too many twitpic. I'll delete those pics as soon as @serephinaa had 'em copied
@johncmayer or lester....pitcher for the red sox
@JustinofG4P i hope you feel better
@bgbrwneyesNY hm... i don't I can recommend any white chocolates though.. you have to move to the 'dark' side first..
@dxpsycho Thanks amigo!
damn - Apple store is down for updates... what's coming@BJoie It's my theme song ya know  lol...
@johncmayer if ur as awesome as i think u are u would sooo write me back  a lil something   &lt;--- crossing fingers
so now that I have a whole 20 followers@johncmayer Lester?  Guessed her?  Yester-day?  You can think of something.  No cop outs now.
@azharusman Walaikum assalam...  Alhamdulillah... I'm in Chicago the w'end of May 29th... Are you there? Would be nice to meat... Duas!
@drumzonly yay. das tut trotzdem weh.
About to make shit happen  *Pu+ !+ 0n M3*
@kaleidoscopeFTW But he got to do it with Effy!
@kathyIreland super stressful day &amp; can't sleep...glad I found you your so sweet to take the time to make strangers feel good.
@SoTravelNow Hey - Thank you!x and You're Welcome! Must say - I love to travel and where are you at the moment?!x
big hair rock day today me thinks  here I go again to start xxxxx ? http://blip.fm/~5z4p7
@JessicaBooth LOL @ozdj said to look out for you - but I was in canberra -
I really need to turn my swag off it's 3:30 time for bed!
@TferThomas  We are both following and I don't think I have seen him online lol
Crap i'm gonna miss the grand prix.I'm going to have to try and sneak back to the room
Didn't make to my cousin's yacht convention. Hope he doesn't get upset. And hope he won.
@AnnoyingTweeple You having fun LOL? hehe
Still feeling tiredgoing out with my tita giWedding anniversary meal yest. - first 5* proper meal out with wife since Rohan born. She did well and only checked her phone 80 times
#Happy Mother's Day euch allen
@Hyperopia That's gorgeous. I'll check out your new pics!
Bout to hit the sack...got shit to do tomorrow. Happy mothers day MOM!
i need to make more of an effort to meet some of my best online friends like @aryanmaine  &lt;3 but damn the money it costs D:
@johncmayer esther rhymes with: investorSheena Othman Happy Mother's Day to all mothers in the world......  I'm yet to experience the joy of being a m.. 31: SorryrblpnBro @dhair Not quite where I need to be here ... sad but true. Soon however all will be WELL  6wks ? http://blip.fm/~5z4ve
Shooould be sleeping alreadywhy wouldn't I?
@NovaWildstar Erm yeah watch as it sways and collapses into the river below lol.  Next time you are here we shall have to drag you there
finally tommorow is monday.. and the last day of school.. gonna miss them all@TheRealYungBerg FOLLOW ME BABY U SAID N DA CHAT U WILL  LUV YA GOODNITE
@twebbstack haha &amp; you can tell your kids how I was the one who hooked youz up  lmao
church bellss are ringin  got to go. adieu@AubreyODay happy mommas day . ging is so lucky to have a momma like u  enjoy ur nite! luv ya
@debraoakland  Only telling the truth Dibster
and we're in
@Gardenwiseguy This is truly enlightening for me
Mariachi'nin yeni kampanyasi ve beraber gelistirdigimiz Facebook Uygulamasi (Shut The House) Hurriyet'e haber olmus: http://tr.im/msthhh
1:40 am...seriously can't sleep. I heard the last thing you should do is be on the computer when you can't sleep. hmmm. what do they know
All ready for work... except my arm
@Do38 home? where the heck are you? Ima be home so soon! iA!
@Sion71 Indeed plenty of jokes to be had  Lying on bed hoping it's going to free upnite nite twitts i wish u all a happy sunday i already have my major gift my my 2kids-my bro-n @_agressiva23 n 1 other gift on d way  tyg
@_Emily_Young_ okey
@DougieMcfly Haha dudeGot pulled over by a cop@mromairi They paid you to go? Think before votingEd is off to Cornwall with school for a week confused   +
@johncmayer polyestertwitters gettin a lil bit confusin... twitterific?twitdroid?twitterberry? i understant the txt bit tho lol  ah well@pamjob Thanks
@BJoie I sent u the download link for Spanish &quot;Don't Cry&quot;...let me know when u get it
@michau Sounds like a good five days
I am trying to figure out how to use Twitter
@CokedUpBabyBoy No nothing wrong with thinking he's hotOh yea@CindiCupcaking that's family for you  imna crashThe geeks were out in full force to see Star Trek. YesZombies make great huggers b/c they don't lower their arms or move to fast...  � @zaneology (via @sharonhayes)
talking on the phone with someone I've missed a lottt.
@kutski brill  i'll try and keep an eye on twitter@ScubaStev3 jfufnfwucnbqjic im bored
@daniel_beckwith it cant be that good if your twittering instead of watching it  xx
Getting ready to go to #Brighton to find myself a new suit from #GreshamBlake - Sunday = me time
has stuff to do but refuses to do them.  :[
Ugh i can't sleep and it's reallyy gettin to me gahif pisses me off so bad sometimes. Atleast i know who my friends are
Time to wind down and relax a little.  I can only change the world a little through Twitter each evening.  The rest will be up to others.
@C_DIG up late again I see?  You missed a great time at Donny's birthday... remember to call him on Monday!
Up and about on a Sunday morning after about 3 hours sleep AND alcohol - I should definitely be studied
@mariancall I'm just glad that you didn't think that Star Trek didn't live up to its hype@daveg38 I was thinking that too this morning. Don't worry it soon passes
@taltalush I have both her CDs and know them both by heart. ReallySend Movie recommendations my way please anyone
@Soudabeh What happened? ... Doctors don't get sick!   hope you get well soon...
@TzakShrike and I have a gentleman's agreement: Whoever wins the first match (or is it best of three?) pays for the other person's copy.
@leelougheed no deal I want it as well as my netbook and iPhone please
epic day/night. disappointing loss #canucks but watching star trek made it so much better  live long &amp; prosper friends. night \\//-_-\\//
@Brutus626 that you got to see your bubb
http://bit.ly/PenQl  I've added a new icon to the feedicon database  Have some fun with it!
I'd rather sit on a bench with a friendly psychiatric patient than go a party with some &quot;cool&quot; person
Morning all! Something for the weekend and leftover dominos. Noiiiiice
@joelhouston maybe I missed my chance this time
@daveaitel I'm already here  see you there!
Do you ever get the idea that your are completely talking to yourself on Twitter?
@p47 Not universal. See http://bit.ly/TmJtz  for details.
with emma  going 2 see diversity today :O  x
@BrookeDavis_x I've got my essay plan written out now  Looking for a couple of referencesHappy Mothers Day to all the mummies  oxoxo
NAPLAN testingIt's just a click without subscription needed  Vote for my tweet on http://openzap.com/ (in today best list)
@mayurjango @Blogsdna Yeah eCpm is going UP and down badly - hope things improve
@Emily_Murtough I'm sure you'll be fine   Have you learnt it?
A VERY HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL MOTHERS OUT THERE! Mamma Mia - Abba   ? http://blip.fm/~5z5uw
Number 999. My next tweet must be something really special.
@ANGiExcoco3 hay wats ur AIM? we should chat
@stefanz i have a weird subconscience. i wonder who will i dream next
i love pinkThank you all for the huge response w/ blessings &amp; congratulations for us and Anna... We're indeed a family in church  love that so much
i'm hungry. i want scrambled eggs again. my grandma always makes perfect scrambled eggs. my mum sucks at it. so i'll go make some myself!
is suppose to be studying
@TaylaMcCloud yeah i did haha 3rd episode is up as well
@Emily_Murtough Yeah@Tory_x little Taylor? i feel sorry for the way she spells her name
@SimplyRe A week away from 21 huh!? So what do you wanna sip on - I got 'cha! Shhh... we won't tell  Love you!
is predicting a heavyweight battle between Lakers and Cleveland on the Finals! WellIs @ peace with himself happy mothers day to all
@mileycyrus Airsoft is horrible!! Hope you didn't get hurt
morning the sun is back!!! me like
@artgrrl still a bit of a warning signal in my head saying: &quot;you want yesterday's headache back? oksorry to hear that  It's going okayJust came back (well yesterday) from the Hannah M. moviemisses my Mom today. She was my Best Friend and even though she has been gone several yrs I still miss her dearly. Happy Mother's Day
Finally came around to shorten my Twitter username from @pascalfinette to @pfinette. If you follow me - no need to change anything.
@Audiomonkee Because you're not exactly in those parts of Northern Emirates  It was 5.3 Richter I think.
might still be eating and drinking then
Makes sense that greatfirewallofchina.orgStarted following QueenRania for a change
Take antibacterial to school to clean your hands when you cant go the loos
I took a picture of me looking at my bottle of antibacterial. Wicked
@iRobC Well there's youYES. and then they should in non test conditions!
@hellosascha I'm currently into Emarosa. Their new album is the shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit! Haha
@BrianMcnugget 167 Brian 167 that's 1...6....7 followers count them and weep. And they ALL know who is the buzz champion by now
@justlonely we all have our moments of intense genius...and power...and wellGood Morning everybody and happy Mothers Day!!!!
@RichNeville well you scared me saying there may be rustling in the trees!  Happy Sunday to you sir
thanks 2 become my friendjust got in from michaels and had some shreddies  im well tired@arlocordova yes super lakas ng ulan. buti nalang i have a red bandana@Fitoria how's the translation going?
Just got back from a run &amp; I'm feeling grrrrrreeeeeaat!!!
Beautiful sunshine when I woke up  but litterally 2 minutes later it starts to rain! I must be cursed.
@vennsoh Oh good@DaveyJam live live or leaked live? If it's live properly I may just role outta bed and download it
Spend a great time with family and friends. Thanks you guys
forgot the pin of my debit card. thank God the card still works after several attempts. just bought cake for sister's birthday. wheew!
@iRobC It's a an MK mentality...I think
@Alicat13 Looks like both to me Alison.
@pcsketch Oh dear@turohaapamaki suck it up
http://twitpic.com/4ws8w - Look who I brought home
is slowly crunching the reality that june is fast approaching. in other wordsIn shower and getting ready after I come out!  Going Christening!
@vonnvonn why thank you. Couldn't resist it
@ilhongy if i can buy sleep for youback on the twit. much hw's to do... will post something interesting when i think of it
Robbie Wadge where are you? Does anyone know Robbie? Calling Robbie!
Indo Girl in Thai Traditional Clothes being object for tourist at Wat Arun
up odee early qot a call from some1 who I haven't heard from in a very lonq time
Good morning Twitter!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO MY BEAUTIFUL MOMMIES
@BrianMcnugget are you getting my messages or do you have to add me to recieve them@londicreations  I don't mind whistlers if they are actually whistling a tunegot a prerecorded phone call from JJ asking to vote for ADMK led front@GabezRosales i'm still crossing my fingers for a fun group
Finally getting to bed! Night tweeples
@fletcherxx maxxie and anwar. ep 5? i think. i am up to that one next.
@casual_intruder well said...please take him off my hands..i can't cope !!!! Set that fox on him
no food in fridge... time for grocery shopping... via internet!!  could get used to shopping like this.
start again... so now theres 6 people coming with us when we go to melbourne...for short stack. originally 4. but still only 3 for ss
@kamathvasanth: wait till the vacation ends! u shud be cycling a lot then!
Hey don't write yourself off yet. Little girl you're in the middle of the ride
gonna go outside with my daddy... gonna take a ride with his new triumph!
Listening to We Are Dead Ocean by @Draculatron. I actually listened twice in a row because it's so short and pleasing
@pcsketch There is a motorcycle for sale down the road. Mind you it'd be stupid of me to get it. Summer 5 months away.
@Meshel_Laurie sorry to hear about a horrible weekend! It can only get better! Keep smiling.
@Hanster7705 yeahI'm suffering from restless legs and butt syndrome.
right@MariahCarey
home after spending a day catching up with my old pals
@Scarfresh i want u to know i don't like u hun  j/p u know we go back
@Dina_Vinson no need to worry. I'll be by your side
@Meech13 oh i love sunday mornings like this - mum just made scrambled eggs on toast
Getting my shit together then leaving work and going to bed
has plopped TWICE! TWICE!  http://plurk.com/p/svs0y
@alexa_chung oh get well soon AlexaOrange vitamin water 10 is my new addiction  U should try it.
just chilling out in my room on the computer
Sunrise by Blvd East is awesome. Now to get some sleep. YAY!!
Great day. And another one awaits
...and a big bag to take up as well as a rain coat. This is the bad part about having to places to live  Twitter Later  xxx
@monabarry Ohhhh! Ok! thought that I was going nuts!! Maybe they will pass through here on the way back!
@MrTomHill Thank a yoou  how are you? #TwitterTakeover
spending more money on trademe@jonathanlerwill do you want to do my laundry as well?
http://twitpic.com/4wsst - one of my models from a photo shoot.  stacey
@squaringkarma thanks
Remmber time crisis ? Try it on the #iPhone
mothers day today      school tomorrow and a full week of National Testing
@gabexmosh &quot;with done&quot;?
Njoying sunday @netrockers plce and learning abt more in joomla
@F1TailPipe_com Thanks
@lewisking don't you procrastinate!   (like I do...)
@gfalcone601 dont you think this tour went fast? i do
@LLC1983 Thanks
iono...I guess I'm getting off now. L8r twits
@jbaldwin Perfect. Thank you. Enjoy your sunday of no work
@kazzababe95 cut yourself a slice of cheese cake.. it makes everything better
Good night all... Just set this twitter thing up. I'm very new at thisOn another notehoping to hear from you all soon
@Peddlee Haha... How could u? dun eat properly rt? see lar~ Go take medicine
@mellalicious fey slays it in #30rock but title of that film sounds bad  #Inbruges is a funny indie little euro city hitman gone bad tale!
@Elliecopter_ rofl im glad! haha yeah me tew! but usually i get up at the same time and just spend more time on twitter! tehehe!
still up@josepicardo Ahh okay makes sense to start the preparations now then
I'm not! They frighten me to death............I just like to see all the boys in their leathers!  ;) We go every year. Brilliant atmos!
@SaliWho morrissey will cure you  I am jealous. but not in a slash your tyres way just in a hope you enjoy it wish I cuold go way
Here's a brief preview: http://bit.ly/eHCfP   OMG James is creepy in that role! I'm scared of him
@zuzu I didn't get a lot of sleep myself last night. And it is a good thinghttp://twitpic.com/4wsue - yeah  well thanks *blushes*
I feel rather cheeryhappy birthday great-grandmother  ../././. bad news on a good day &gt;&lt; but ame is living
Feeling the effects of the party last night. Drank far too much. 2 chicken burgers and one lamb burger. I did dance a fair bit tho.
I loveeee NY! Getting breakfast then gonna go mimis I'm sooo tiredddd! missing him ODeeee! Love you
http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
@inesthefreak - Wtf Polyvore? what's that?  enjoy it though.
@McFlyingGirl omg i had that book its soo funny
@Santbrink boffert
Listening to have heart. Aka i took over carlys last.fm      its 4am need to be up in 4 hours.  Looooong day tomorrow
a pink balloon for mum on her day
Hey Stu did you see the cool 'family' picture on Jess' facebook?  Soo good to see You All
sandwichesssTraining #Stud-Life: A fost Tiberiu Lovin la noi. Am aflat ca sunt imbecili peste tot. FUN
Hats off to a slightly unexpected yet very successful end to a grouling day!!! Night all
@damohopo I didn't headbutt anyone! Not that I know about anyway! ;) You ok today?  Football today?
i thought spock's vulcan sign looked a bit weird - turns out zachary quinto couldn't do it so he had his hands glued. but he's still hot
@zoziekins ACSM. it's unfathomable.  i think the other one .. and the .. is one that should be kept to the comfort of our bedrooms. yes?
@tommcfly but it all went too quick and there wasn't a chance lol
Yang4 - finally got it  Chinese is hard when every other kid has a Zhonguoren adult at home! We're all foreign devils here ;)
Just got back from AC. Why am I not freaking out of the midyr exam ? :o HAPPY MOTHER'S DAYWoke up at 5am. Cleaned camera gear from last nights wedding. Should really go back to sleep@TheSimsHub Really? Hooray! Can't wait!
G*morning! Rain@NursingDrPepper I told you I'd be back  Just won't be updating as much before my exams. Looking forward to a day or two in your house ;)
oh thats hard-going. I'm writing a book at the moment so am motivating myself to press on with that.
@MacQuid Soetimes I envy those who have spent their whole lives in one place and have deep roots... the grass on the other side syndrome!
Sippin on the goose &amp; bull all night has got me twisted lol...on my way home from Club Wet. Interesting night
Has got to go to work with a slight hangover gd nite thou
@sandy195850 That's me set up for an exciting Sunday lol
Just downloaded parnoid
@madnessofmany called about it@TMJP actually i would prefer you not check me out .....
@vadimkozhin why do you think so?
I wonder what you're doinghappy birthday to my little sister gee! in celebration@ronnilab HahahahOh. Now it doesn't need updating all of a sudden. Ok. Will get dressed anyway
@twilightgossip I hope you feel better soon
just as i finish checking all my emailsCleaning up from yesterdays wild party
I guess she's not the type of songwriter who dreams the great ones.
@sleepynikki - I will see if there's a used organ shop there &amp; let you know. But why not just sign up to ejamming.com and rock out!
Show 147 in pre-pre production ....... a bit behind
did 14.5 miles in the Peak last nightMy bet on Mumbai Indians today... Anyone to take a bet on this for 500 bucks??
@JPMizDELiCiOUS  hii
has now been informed by a close personal friend that the sore head is due to infact 4 pints not 2
@codepo8 I must admit when i first saw that name posted i thought it was an exploit attempt
sorry i havent tweeted in a while- i was on holiday then was ill but im better now
@TheRealJayRome heya thanks for accepting the add
@jonoble Hope you'll be able to join us for future editions
just watched One Tree Hill episode 22 season 6... never cried this much since keith died!!!!!! OTH is epic for sure!!!!!!  Xxx
did it!!  back in pakistan! - http://bkite.com/07kBQ
@jonesyladdd SAME. its just not happeningThat's more like it - 3rd  #fb
2 more weeks of school not including weekends. omg right on. im so excited yet scared. omg. ahhhh. i can't wait to grad.
Happy mothers day Mummy  ?
... I will launch (make or break) the alpha phase of my residential real estate rental website. (Commitment of first grade
@doctorbond if you meant to heavy rain n flood in bkk last night@28doomdoom28 I saw that on jonas too  But where is that line from cos I've heard of it my I can't remember where?
@sandy195850 we have two small dogs@originalgabriel Sure thing!
Photo: My New Shoes!  http://tumblr.com/xmx1qzcts
@drewryanscott then u should went to vegas like u did last year  I think this was around the time u killed that animal with ur old car LOL
Guys will go see Constance 	 logically
@MacQuid No! Strange@hunz i tend to freak most people out - I amI'm in need of someone with a good gaydar ... Seriously
@MollyMaison moooooooooooooooo? lol i copied that last.fm thing you had  looks good
Going to bed...I love the weekends
kids  b'day party/picnic  in canazarro park.  The other half 'hurts' today
@tsarnick OhMothers day isnt until the 31th here in sweden.But thnx for the pm's
@Fooddesigner good luck in the pressure test! don't worry everything will be great
Spent the night finally relaxing with Nogard on WoW after finishing some work Needed to take a small break from art. I really missed this
is looking at that person from a very different pov.  never thought i'd see this day arrive!
@freshypanda I work with drunk golferstrying to NOT fall asleep while doing ancient assignment. Drinking some water with ice and lime! yum
Fishing on WoW while listening to ska on Pandora. Such a lazy Sunday morning
@smilyross Do tell...
@damana Was he big and strong - and would he like a pedometer?
Is ahhh@errolbeats - noHappy mother's day all you moms!
maybe going to see the hannah montana movie todaaaay  i've seen it one time beforeAt my parents@daniellebabeyy babe  ive been aightoh no its ok  they are coming on just now x]
@TradingGoddess &quot;Perfect Practice makes Perfect&quot;
@nezorousylex hey!  not muchI don't think our ISP is too happy with us this weekend!
@Kekic Lmao i know !! pleaseeee reply  You got any replies yet? :L x
ssshhh everybodyim at scotts being a fatty
@carrotmadman6 @sjdvda @Morinn The folks at MBB are no  longer reviewing blogs? Long time I have read a new blog review.
13 hours til i'm on a plane. Ahhh yay
@reivad so's the smell of cigarettes and alcohol... at least *i * like it.
@JamesHancox i don't know why but9 hours and 10 mins until I can go home and sleep  I hour till I have to go to work :| can't wait for 5 days off this week!
@mutantsounds i was think of something with a better view@MissxMarisa Yeah@Yoga_fan Been busy trumping your cheese omlette with a cheese and chili omlette. An omnomlette
but I keep updating.
@TwistedHelen i emailed you back baby   how goes???
Going to Hong Kong tonight. Hope I can sleep in the airplane. Worth case I have the last G. Musso to read
My english is broken
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
That's it! My local coffeeshop has sold me shitty stuff for the last time... I'm quitting!
@gustaf_nk Wouldn't call that cool or dangerous. Reckon it fits into the stupid category
@PembsDave #wheniwerealad can you explain how that worked? lol  and no rude  explanations pleeezzze
@RealShamu Wow@Zanna85 i changed my mind dammit!! a Tsar can change his mind at any time without no prior notice
Searching my home for a few things to cook them for dinner this evening. It's mothers day so guess who im eating with
watching click@davepenny47 Actually@rustycharm Evening  Yorkshire's warm but overcast. How's NZ? Don't tell me - dark lol
doing the andy dance  the one on fonzie gomez show ;) haha
Whats your name: Adelaide-Marie How old r u: 14 Where Do u live: IN THE WORLD  lol i jk@wendy_fred6 *shivers with fear*
@ram014  thanks...but what happened?
thinking about recent job opportunities and hoping to get one! and gettng ready for church
@Puppetguy indeed@kateblogs It's never too late - they just need to buck their ideas up and stop being such a bunch of stuffy old reactionaries!
@capricorn_one Could use GarageBand though it's probably overkill.
�Chillingoutnow Just testing how to work Twitter from my phone
It takes nearly 2 days to figure out what causes the mic problems at #euruko: Do not hold the mic at the bottom!
@chrispringle Luke M heretomorrow is going to be sooo awkward &amp; embarassing. lights &amp; sounds last night was awesome
@icebergstorm hey! negative on the primatech@PH7S sure. But be careful also of making statements that we don't do it. Parallel ideas do happen. I've seen it myself.
How Do You Sleep - Jesse McCartney
@givemestrength bloody Feds